<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-8405" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Execute mobile tests with Appium 2.x in Katalon Studio (PoC)</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Xuan Tran &lt;xuan.tran@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><note type="warning" class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">This Proof of Concept (PoC) is not ready for production use. We recommend using this PoC for evaluation purposes only.</p></li></ul></note><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio supports seamless integration with Appium 1.x for mobile testing. With the new major release of Appium 2.0, this proof of concept (PoC) provides you the option to execute mobile tests with Appium 2.x. This PoC also contains support for Xcode 14.</p><p class="- topic/p ">When you install Appium 1.x, all available drivers will be installed at the same time as the main Appium server.</p><p class="- topic/p ">In Appium 2.x, one major change is the independence of drivers. The tools and requirements for building and using drivers for different platforms are completely different. The ability to install and work with decoupled web drivers based on your application platform (iOS, Android, etc.) can reduce your setup time and improve mobile testing performance in Katalon Studio.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If your team is migrating from Appium 1.x to Appium 2.x, the changes in Appium 2.0 are not primarily related to changes in automation behaviors for specific platforms.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This document will guide you through configuration steps to execute mobile tests with Appium 2.x.</p><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Download from our GitHub repository: <xref href="https://github.com/katalon-studio/katalon-studio/releases/tag/v8.5.4.alpha" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Studio 8.5.4.alpha</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="https://nodejs.org/en/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Node.js 14+</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="https://www.npmjs.com/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Node Package Manager 8+ (NPM)</xref>. This is usually bundled with Node.js, but you can upgrade independently.</li></ul></p></section></conbody></concept>