<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_1" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">Frequently asked questions (FAQs)</title>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Do I have to do anything?</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">For <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Annual</b> billing cycles: Upon renewal, your
                  current DevOps licenses will be automatically upgraded to Floating
                  licenses at no additional charge.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">For <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Monthly</b> billing cycles: Upon renewal, you
                  can choose between Monthly Node-locked licenses or Annual Floating
                  licenses. For pricing details, see the example in the table
                  above.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">What if I don’t want to upgrade from Monthly KRE DevOps to
               Annual Floating licenses after six months?</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">You will have the option to switch to a monthly billing for KRE
                  Node-locked licenses.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Can I use the DevOps license for another three months and come
               back for another three months?</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">No, it will need to be consecutive, with a maximum of 6 months.
                  Once you cancel your DevOps subscription, it will no longer be
                  available for repurchase.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">My team purchased our licenses via a reseller. Will this change
               affect me?</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">Your team will still be able to use your licenses as per the
                  explanation in the table above. Upon renewal, kindly contact your
                  reseller for more information. Alternatively, contact us at
                  success@katalon.com for renewal.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Other inquiries</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">

            <li class="- topic/li ">For further support, you can submit a ticket at our support
                  portal: <xref format="html" href="https://support.katalon.com/hc/en-us" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon
                     Support</xref>.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </conbody>
  </concept>