<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Testing Web App on Mobile Browsers in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/></title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio supports executing the same test cases on both desktop browsers and mobile browsers. A test case created via recording, either in manual mode or script mode, on a desktop browser with Katalon Studio can be executed on a mobile browser as well. This tutorial guides you step by step how to do that.</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Understand your web application under test (AUT)</li><li class="- topic/li ">Create a test case with Katalon Studio</li><li class="- topic/li ">Execute the test case with mobile browsers</li></ul><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio: running on both Windows and macOS with a beta Linux support. Visit the <xref format="html" href="https://www.katalon.com/download" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Studio website</xref> to get the latest version.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Verify if your computer meets the <xref format="html" href="https://docs.katalon.com/docs/general-information/supported-environments/supported-environments-for-katalon-studio-and-katalon-runtime-engine" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">System Requirements</xref> of Katalon Studio.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">A Katalon account to activate this automation tool. If you don't have one, provide your desired username and password to sign up after launching the app.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Check out <xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/docs/get-started/onboarding-katalon-platform/quick-guide-for-testers" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Quick Start</xref> to familiarize yourself with Katalon Studio.</p></li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">Web application testing can be directly executed on a mobile device. To do so, you need to connect your testing devices/emulators to a machine and run test scripts. Make sure Chrome and Safari applications are installed so that test steps can execute properly.</p><p class="- topic/p ">It requires some knowledge of working with OS, Appium, and devices in use. Please refer to our Mobile Setup guide for <xref href="../Android/Mobile_Android_Setup/mobile-android-setup.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Android</xref> and <xref href="../iOS/Mobile_iOS_Setup_Real_Device/mobile-ios-setup.dita" class="- topic/xref ">iOS</xref> for detailed instructions.</p></section></conbody></concept>