<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_6" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Exclude objects used with keywords</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">In some scenarios, you do not need the test engine to try out different locators to find an object that doesn't exist. Hence, you can turn off the self-healing mode when detecting objects used with specific keywords. For example, the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">verifyElementPresent</codeph> and <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">verifyElementNotPresent</codeph> are excluded by default.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To exclude a keyword from the self-healing mode, do as follows:</p><ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">Go to <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Project &gt; Settings &gt; Self-Healing &gt; Web UI</b>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">In the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Exclude objects used with the following keywords</b> section, click <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Add</b>.</li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Insert keywords you want to exclude from the self-healing mode to the exception list.</p><p class="- topic/p ">When an object is used with the specified keywords in this field, Katalon Studio does not try locating that object with the self-healing mode.</p></li></ol><p class="- topic/p ">For example:</p><p class="- topic/p ">You add the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">verifyElementPresent</codeph> keyword to the exception list. In your test, the default locator of the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">input_Username<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">_</i>username</b> object is broken.</p><p class="- topic/p ">You run the following test script:</p><codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">WebUI.openBrowser('https://katalon-demo-cura.herokuapp.com/')
WebUI.click(findTestObject('null'))
def username = findTestObject('Object Repository/Page_CURA Healthcare Service/input_Username_username')
WebUI.setText(username, 'John Doe')
WebUI.verifyElementPresent(username, 5)
</codeblock><p class="- topic/p ">Since <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">verifyElementPresent</codeph> is excluded from self-healing, the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">input_Username<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">_</i>username</b> object cannot be self-healed, and the test fails as expected.</p></conbody></concept>