<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[WebUI] Take Area Screenshot</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section id="id" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">Description</title>
    
      <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
        <p class="- topic/p ">From version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.7.0</b>, this keyword is
            available.</p>
      </note>
    
  </section><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">takeAreaScreenshot</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Take screenshot of a specific
            area in the viewport. The captured image will be saved in '.png'
            format.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: takeAreaScreenshot</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">WebUI.takeAreaScreenshot(fileName, rect, flowControl)</codeph>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: fileName</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: A String that represents the path to the saved
                        image. The path can be absolute path or relative path.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: rect</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: A Rectangle which defines location and size of the
                        area you want to take screenshot. The area must be within the
                        viewport.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: Rectangle</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: flowControl</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Specify <xref href="../../../../../Maintain/failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref>
                        schema to determine whether the execution should be allowed to
                        continue or stop.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Examples</b>:</p>
        </li></ul>
      <ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">You want to take a screenshot of an area at x: 50, y: 25,
            width: 100, height: 150 and save the 'advertisements.png' file in
            the current project's report folder:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import org.openqa.selenium.Rectangle as Rectangle
import com.kms.katalon.core.configuration.RunConfiguration as RunConfiguration

WebUI.takeAreaScreenshot(RunConfiguration.getReportFolder() + '/advertisements.png', new Rectangle(50, 25, 100, 150))
</codeblock></li><li class="- topic/li ">You want to take a screenshot of an area at x: 50, y: 25,
            width: 100, height: 150 and use the default file name:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import org.openqa.selenium.Rectangle as Rectangle

WebUI.takeAreaScreenshot(new Rectangle(50, 25, 150, 100))
</codeblock></li><li class="- topic/li ">You want to take a screenshot of an area at x: 50, y: 25,
            width: 100, height: 150 and save it somewhere else:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import org.openqa.selenium.Rectangle as Rectangle

WebUI.takeAreaScreenshot('E:\\area.png', new Rectangle(50, 25, 150, 100))</codeblock></li></ol>
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>