<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">List of Available Verification Snippets</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">On the right panel of the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Verification</uicontrol> tab is the list of common pre-built snippets which can assist you in most of the verification cases. </p><table class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Snippet</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Description</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Get current response</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Return response object after sending a request successfully.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Get current request</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Return the current request object.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Get a global variable</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Return the value of a global variable.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Get a variable</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Return the value of a variable that you have created in the Web Service Test Object.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response body: Contains string</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Verify if a response body contains a specific string.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response body: Convert to JSON Object</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Convert a response body to JSON.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response body: Is equal to a String</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Verify if a response body is equal to s string.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response body: JSON value check</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Check for a JSON value in a response body.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response headers: Content-Type header</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Verify Content-Type header's value.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Status code: Code is 200</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Verify if response's status code is 200 or no.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Status code: Successfully request</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Verify if the request is sent successfully.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Request body: Validate GraphQL against schema</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Validate the request body against a GraphQL schema.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response body: Array contains</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Verify specified arrays contain values.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response body: Validate JSON against schema</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Validate the response body against a JSON schema.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Response body: Validate XML against schema</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Validate the response body against an XML schema.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></conbody></concept>