<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Session Termination Causes</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">You might encounter situations when your session has been terminated due to a specific reason related to the license mechanism. This section explains some common causes of your session termination.</p><p class="- topic/p "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Inactive session; the license has been transferred to <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">&lt;another_user&gt;</b>.</b>
        </p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "> When your session is inactive, another licensed user from your Organization can occupy your license. </li></ul><p class="- topic/p "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Your account has logged in on another machine.</b></b>
        </p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">One Katalon account can be active on one machine at a time.</li></ul><p class="- topic/p "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">This machine has been removed from the registered list.</b>
        </p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">This happens when your Organization Admins or Owner remove your machine from the registered list on Katalon TestOps. This removal ends your session on the Katalon Studio app.</li></ul><p class="- topic/p "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">This email has been removed from the registered list.</b>
        </p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">This happens when your Organization Admins or Owner remove your email from the registered list on Katalon TestOps. This removal ends your session on the Katalon Studio app.</li></ul><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">This session has been terminated.</b> or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">This session has been terminated: Invalid credentials.</b></p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">This happens when the connection to the licensing server fails. This failure is because your machine goes to sleep or the network is off.</li></ul></conbody></concept>