<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-2782" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title "> Install <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> for Linux (GUI)</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Yen Nguyen &lt;yen.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Linux is an open-source operating system with many distributions. If you are a Linux user or you want to test your build in a Linux environment, you can still enjoy <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> with a GUI on your Linux. You can also run your test in console mode with Katalon Runtime Engine for Linux.</p><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> for Linux is compatible with any latest version of Linux distribution that supports Gnome, KDE, or Unity Desktop Environment. You can find links to popular distribution download pages at <xref format="html" href="https://www.linux.org/pages/download/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Linux.org</xref>. Our Katalon team has tested <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> for Linux on Ubuntu Linux. See the Ubuntu manual for additional information on how to install Linux Ubuntu: <xref format="html" href="https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Installation" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Installation</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This guide covers setting up steps for running Katalon Studio GUI on Linux.<note type="tip" class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">You can install Linux with a LiveDVD, USB drive, or physical disk to a Virtual Machine. Before installing Linux, take a look at the <xref format="html" href="http://docs.katalon.com/display/KD/System+Requirements" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">System Requirements</xref> to operate with Katalon Studio.</li><li class="- topic/li ">On macOS, virtualization programs like Parallels Desktop, Virtual Box, and VMWare Fusion allow you to construct a Virtual Machine that emulates the hardware of a Linux operating system. Microsoft's Hyper-V is a good option for Windows. To learn more about these virtualization programs, see Parallels Desktop documentation <xref format="html" href="https://www.parallels.com/products/desktop/resources/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Parallels Desktop for Mac</xref>, Virtual Box documentation <xref format="html" href="https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/VirtualBox" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">About VirtualBox</xref>, WMWare documentation <xref format="html" href="https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Fusion/12/com.vmware.fusion.using.doc/GUID-4919245A-CD5D-4FC7-B5D0-4D90DFAFC7F7.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Creating a Linux Virtual Machine in Fusion</xref>, or Microsoft documentation <xref format="html" href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/virtualization/hyper-v/hyper-v-on-windows-server" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Hyper-V on Windows Server</xref>.</li></ul></note></p><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">A valid email to register a Katalon Account.</li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">An active Internet connection to download <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/>.</p></li></ul></section></conbody></concept>