<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_visual-testing-overview" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Visual Testing overview</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">What is Visual Testing?</title><p conkeyref="ko-definitions/kt-visual-testing-definition" class="- topic/p "/><p class="- topic/p ">With incorporated artificial intelligence (AI), visual testing
         also refers to the AI image comparison, in which you could compare
         the visible output (of your tests) against the baseline image using
         an AI engine.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Since comparing images manually (using human eyes only) could
         still result in human errors, visual testing allows automated image
         comparison using AI-powered functions such as pixel-by-pixel
         detection, text-change detection, and layout-change detection.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Visual testing helps reduce human errors to a minimum because it
         captures even minor differences between two images, which human
         eyes might accidentally miss.</p><p class="- topic/p "><note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">A baseline image is a reference image initially configured to compare with other image output from visual testing.</p></li></ul></note></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Insights</title><p class="- topic/p ">If the software has visual issues, functional testing cannot
         help since it focuses on the software behaviors only.</p><p class="- topic/p ">For example, automated functional tests cannot detect any change
         regarding the layout, colors, fonts, or misplacement of elements on
         a website. In such a case, one would need to check for any visual
         regressions instead, and the apparent solution is to run visual
         testing.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Furthermore, there is an increasing demand for opening/using
         software on different platforms. Considering the combination of
         different operating systems and browsers when developing a website,
         it is also wise to be aware that the website might display
         adequately on one browser but improperly on another browser. Hence,
         testing a website across various platforms is crucial to check for
         any visual defects. Manually doing so would cost tremendous time
         and effort, not to mention that the human eyes might still miss one
         or two minor visual bugs if checking complex layouts.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Running visual tests spots visual bugs faster and more
         effectively, and it makes sure those bugs cannot slip into
         production. Consequently, visual testing helps boost productivity,
         increase product confidence, and optimize user experiences.</p></section></conbody></concept>