<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-4181" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">February 1st</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Dong Nguyen &lt;dong.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Custom Fields &amp; Tags] Improved the inheriting mechanism so that incomplete and in-progress test executions also have custom fields and tags assigned. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Custom Fields &amp; Tags] Allowed overwriting custom fields and tags if they were assigned both through <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> with <ph conkeyref="name-variables/kre-abbreviation" class="- topic/ph "/> and through <ph conkeyref="name-variables/testops" class="- topic/ph "/> interface. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Xray integration] Showed on Xray/Jira interface the <ph conkeyref="name-variables/testops" class="- topic/ph "/> test environments. This enhancement allowed the ability to search for test executions on Jira based on test environments. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Xray integration] Showed on <ph conkeyref="name-variables/testops" class="- topic/ph "/> interface the  Xray test executions that were linked with TestOps test run.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI/UX] Polished the wording and center-aligned the elements within the header <ph conkeyref="name-variables/testops" class="- topic/ph "/>  navigation bar. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI/UX] Added the external icon to <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">View Profile</uicontrol> button under the user profile section. Also within the user profile section, <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Notification settings</uicontrol> has been renamed to <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">User settings</uicontrol>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI/UX] Displayed the count of test cases being executed, grouped by their status  in the test execution status progress bar.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI/UX] Improved test execution report chart behavior: <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Dynamically adjusting bar length and labels based on window size.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Expanding Daily Group filter limit  to 90 days.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Hiding the report header when scrolling down.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Eliminating vacant spaces among chart columns.</p></li></ul></p></li></ul></p></section></conbody></concept>