<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task-2441" class="- topic/topic task/task "><title class="- topic/title ">Install manually </title><taskbody class="- topic/body task/taskbody "><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Install the command-line tool for Xcode. You can download the command-line tool compatible with your Xcode version from the Apple Developer website here: <xref href="https://developer.apple.com/download/all/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Download</xref>.</cmd><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info "><p class="- topic/p ">Alternatively, you can copy and paste the following command-line arguments in this order in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Terminal</b> to install the command-line tool for Xcode:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">xcode-select --install</codeblock><codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">sudo xcode-select -s /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer</codeblock> </p></info></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Download and install Node.js from the Node.js website: <xref href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Node.js Downloads</xref>.</cmd><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info "><note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Make sure you install Node.js into a location where you have full Read/Write permissions.</p></li></ul></note></info></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Install Appium version 1.12.1 or newer via NPM. To install the latest Appium version, copy and paste the command-line argument as follows:</cmd><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info "><codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">npm install -g appium</codeblock></info><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info "><note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">We recommend installing the latest Appium version. </li><li class="- topic/li "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> does not officially support Appium 2.x yet.</li><li class="- topic/li ">If you are using emulators other than Xcode simulators, some emulators come with Appium installed. If you want to run an application on an emulator, check your emulator settings before installing Appium.</li></ul></note><p class="- topic/p ">To learn more about Appium, you can refer to the Appium document here: <xref href="http://appium.io/docs/en/about-appium/getting-started/#installing-appium" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Getting started</xref>.</p></info></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Install Homebrew. Homebrew is a package manager that makes it easy to install extra dependencies. To install Homebrew, follow the instructions on the Homebrew website: <xref format="html" href="https://brew.sh/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Homebrew</xref>.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">After installing Homebrew, you can now use it to install the following dependencies in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Terminal</b>:</cmd><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info "><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">ios-deploy version 1.9.4 or newer. You can learn more about ios-deploy in this Github project: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/ios-control/ios-deploy" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">ios-deploy</xref>. To install ios-deploy via Homebrew, copy and paste the command-line argument as below:</p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew install ios-deploy</codeph></p></li></ul><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">usbmuxd version 1.0.10 or newer. You can learn more about usbmuxd in this Github project: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/libimobiledevice/usbmuxd" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">usbmuxd</xref>. To install usbmuxd via Homebrew, copy and paste the following command-line arguments in this order:</p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew install --HEAD usbmuxd</codeph></p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew unlink usbmuxd</codeph></p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew link usbmuxd</codeph></p></li></ul><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">libimobiledevice version 1.2.0 or newer. You can learn more about libimobiledevice on the libimobiledevice website: <xref format="html" href="https://libimobiledevice.org/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">libimobiledevice</xref>. To install libimobiledevice via Homebrew, copy and paste the following command-line arguments in this order:</p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew install --HEAD libimobiledevice</codeph></p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew unlink libimobiledevice</codeph></p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew link libimobiledevice</codeph></p></li></ul><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">For Appium versions older than 1.20.0, you need to install Carthage. You can learn more about Carthage in this Github project: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Carthage</xref>. To install Carthage via Homebrew, copy and paste the command-line argument below:</p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew install carthage</codeph></p></li></ul><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">For Appium versions older than 1.15.0, you also need to install ios-webkit-debug-proxy. You can learn more about ios-webkit-debug-proxy in this Github project: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/google/ios-webkit-debug-proxy" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">ios-webkit-debug-proxy</xref>. To install ios-webkit-debug-proxy via Homebrew, copy and paste the command-line argument as below:</p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">brew install ios-webkit-debug-proxy</codeph></p></li></ul></p></info></step></steps></taskbody></task>