<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-3285" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Autonomous test generation with Katalon AI</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Trinh Huynh &lt;trinh.huynh@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><note type="warning" class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">This proof of concept (PoC) is for a closed beta feature and is not ready for production use.</p></li></ul></note><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Autonomous Test Generation (ATG) is an AI-augmented test automation solution that automatically discovers, models, generates, and maintains user-journey test cases. Katalon ATG provides a streamlined  test  generation process, saving time and improving testing efficiency.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon ATG requires installing the Katalon AI agent by adding a Javascript code snippet in the  head element of the AUT. After installation, Katalon AI will study user flows,  generate test cases, and store the tests in a Git-based repository. These test cases can be used for regression testing in a CI/CD pipeline to identify impacts on product functionalities.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This document shows  you how to configure  autonomous test generation in Katalon Platform, and explains how test cases are generated with Katalon AI.</p><note type="important" class="- topic/note "><p class="- topic/p ">You must be the Admin  of your Katalon Account. See: <xref href="../../../Administer/Administrative_Roles/testops-roles-privileges/org-level-roles-privileges.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></note></conbody></concept>