<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Windows] Switch to Window Title</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p "><note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">From <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">version 7.2.0</b>, this keyword is available for
            Windows desktop application testing on Katalon Studio.</p></li></ul></note></p><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">switchToWindowTitle</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Find and attach the opening
               application window that describes by the given windows object to
               the working WindowsDriver session on the current desktop by the
               given title.</p>
          <p class="- topic/p ">This keyword should be used when:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">The main application window has been closed and replaced by
                  another window.</li><li class="- topic/li ">The application has multiple working windows. We can switch
                  among these windows.</li><li class="- topic/li ">We already have an opened application and need to switch to
                  without reopening requires</li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: switchToWindowTitle</p>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            Windows.switchToWindowTitle(windowTitle, flowControl)</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>: 
            
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Name: windowTitle</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Title of the opening application windows. Full
                  text or partial text is acceptable.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li><li class="- topic/li ">Name: flowControl</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Used to control the step if the step failed.\
                  STOP<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: throws a StepFailedException if the step
                  failed (default).\ CONTINUE<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: continue the test if
                  the test failed, but the test result is still failed.\ OPTIONAL:
                  continue the test and ignore the test result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: optional</li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Returns</b>: The WindowsDriver after Katalon
            Studio switches successfully.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Throw</b>: <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">StepFailedException</b> if
            Katalon Studio could not find any window that matches with the
            given windows object.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example</b>:</p>
          
            <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Windows.switchToWindowTitle("Excel")
</codeblock>
          
        </li></ul>
    
  </section><section id="id_2" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">Setting timeout</title>
    
      <p class="- topic/p ">In the previous Katalon Studio's versions, users may have
         encountered the timeout exception during recording a Desktop
         application and executing a Windows test. To address this issue,
         from version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.5.5</b>, Katalon Studio increases the
         default timeout for finding a Windows title from 60 to 120 seconds
         when recording and executing tests.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Additionally, users are allowed to change this default timeout
         value when using the keyword for executing tests via Script (in
         milliseconds) to make sure the WinAppDriver has enough time to
         perform the action.</p>
      
        <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import com.kms.katalon.core.windows.keyword.helper.WindowsActionSettings

'Change the default timeout for finding a Windows title to 180000 milliseconds'
WindowsActionSettings.DF_WAIT_ACTION_TIMEOUT_IN_MILLIS = 180000;
</codeblock>
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>