<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Handling Web element locators using <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/></title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <xref href="understanding_your_application_under_test_aut.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Understanding Your Application Under
               Test (AUT)</xref>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <xref href="understanding_application_lifecycles.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Understanding Application
               Lifecycles</xref>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <xref href="using_static_locators.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Using Static Locators</xref>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <xref href="using_uniquely_present_text.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Using Uniquely Present Text</xref>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <xref href="summary.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Summary</xref>
        </li></ol><p class="- topic/p ">In Web test automation, locator is the only way to identify an
         element on a Web page when running test scripts. When it comes to
         automated testing of Web applications, choosing a suitable strategy
         is essential. Web element locators depend entirely on the
         implementation process, so there is no one-size-fits-all approach
         for every Web applications. The selection strategy can be
         influenced by these factors: Web application frameworks,
         development conventions, software life cycles, and the experience
         of automation leaders.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Picking a suitable strategy is crucial not only to Selenium but
         also to Katalon Studio. Katalon Studio provides features to
         generate necessary locators (XPath, CSS, etc.); so that users only
         need to choose the correct one to use. In other words, Katalon
         Studio has done 80% of the task, and the remaining 20% will be
         decided by users. Starting a project with a good strategy will make
         test projects stable and scalable, as well as reduce effort at the
         maintenance phase. This tutorial will help you fulfill this
         expectation.</p><p class="- topic/p ">
         There are many different types of Web element with the most common
         including Label, Textbox, Button, Select, Hyperlink, Checkbox and
         Radio button. Custom elements built from other basic elements are
         Frame, Dialog, Dropdown, Calendar, and Form.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To identify these elements, we can follow one of these
         strategies.</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Simple
            locators: id, name, class, tag, link
            text, attribute</li><li class="- topic/li ">Advanced locators by combining the simple locators above: 
            
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">XPath</li><li class="- topic/li ">CSS</li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">Using functions in XPath: 
            
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">contains</li><li class="- topic/li ">sibling</li><li class="- topic/li ">ancestor</li></ul>
        </li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">This tutorial will help your team choose a good approach for Web
         element locators.</p></conbody></concept>