<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-5410" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Harness Integration</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Hao Le &lt;hao.le@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Harness is a CI/CD service platform that provides a simple and secure way for engineering and DevOps teams to release applications faster, safer, and more secure. Harness automates the entire CI/CD process, which helps build, test, and deploy improved features more quickly. To learn more about key concepts of Harness, you can refer to this Harness document: <xref href="https://docs.harness.io/article/4o7oqwih6h-harness-key-concepts" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Harness Key Concepts</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If you are an automation tester and using Harness CI, you might want to integrate Katalon Runtime Engine (KRE) and create a CI/CI pipeline to execute your tests.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This tutorial shows you how to set up a Workflow with Harness to build your Katalon tests with the Katalon Docker image, which contains KRE, and execute the tests in a Kubernetes cluster farm.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The integration in this tutorial is performed on Harness FirstGen.</p><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title><p class="- topic/p ">With the proposed scenario, you need to first configure the following components to work with Harness:</p><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">An active Katalon Runtime Engine license.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">A Harness account.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Docker is installed and running.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Kubernetes is installed and running.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Kubernetes manifest files to configure the build for your Katalon Docker image. You can refer to the sample manifest files in our GitHub repository: <xref href="https://github.com/katalon-studio-samples/ci-samples/tree/master/.harness" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Sample manifests</xref>.</p></li></ul></p></section></conbody></concept>