<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference-7664" class="- topic/topic       reference/reference "><title class="- topic/title ">Quick guide for administrators</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">In this guide, you'll get a quick-start overview of Katalon Platform's billing structures and administrative features. Understand how to pay for your needs, maximize the use of your licenses, and manage your team members. </shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Marjorie Chua &lt;marjorie.chua@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><refbody class="- topic/body        reference/refbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">You have created a Katalon account.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">You are an administrator or billing manager for your organization. See: <xref href="../../../Administer/Administrative_Roles/testops-roles-privileges/org-level-roles-privileges.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">In order to begin managing the Katalon Platform, you have to create an account to anchor your plan to, and an organization to manage your Katalon Teams and projects.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If you want to create a project, see: <xref href="../../../Administer/Administrative_Tasks/kt-create-org/kt-create-organization.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Create an Organization and Project</xref>.</p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Get started as an administrator</title><p class="- topic/p ">As an administrator, your can modify users' accesses and manage licenses. You can set what team members' roles are and which Katalon licenses they can use. </p><p class="- topic/p ">The administrator can also view purchased subscriptions. </p><p class="- topic/p ">The following topics are some of the most common tasks that an administrator can do  to plan and organize resources over large-scale projects in the Katalon Platform. </p><p class="- topic/p "/></section></refbody></reference>