<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-1435" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Introduction to test maintenance</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Yen Nguyen &lt;yen.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Test maintenance is an integral aspect of test automation. Test maintenance is  fixing tests so they stay up to date with code changes. It is also important to update your automation framework infrastructure if there are any changes to the tools or third-party libraries  you use.</p><p class="- topic/p ">An automated regression test suite usually contains many tests that require test maintenance to ensure that the application is being validated properly.</p><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> provides you with several methods to handle errors  during test execution. These features can reduce your test maintenance effort substantially, especially when test cases run in batches overnight. You can refer to the following articles:</p><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">The self-healing mechanism helps you to tackle the issue of broken locators during execution. See: <xref href="../self-healing-in-Studio/intro-self-healing-in-Studio.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Failure handling settings allow users to decide whether <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> will continue running the test scripts if errors occur during execution. See: <xref href="../failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">The time capsule mechanism allows you to view a snapshot of the application under test (AUT)  as it was when a test failed due to locators not finding WebUI objects. See: <xref href="../time-capsule/intro-time-capsule.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></li></ul></p><p class="- topic/p ">You can also view and manage unused  test objects, which gives you an insight into which objects are useful and which should be updated or removed. See: <xref href="../test-objects-refactoring/test-objects-refactoring.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></conbody></concept>