<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Windows] Switch to Window</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section id="id" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title "/>
    
      <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
        <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Starting from <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">version 7.2.0</b>, this keyword is
            available for Windows desktop application testing on Katalon
            Studio.</p></li></ul>
      </note>
    
  </section><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">switchToWindow</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Find and attach the opening
               application window that describes by the given windows object to
               the working WindowsDriver session on the current desktop.</p>
          <p class="- topic/p ">This keyword should be used when:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">The main application window has been closed and replaced by
                  another window.</li><li class="- topic/li ">The application has multiple working windows. We can switch
                  among these windows.</li><li class="- topic/li ">We already have an opened application and need to switch to
                  without reopening requires</li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: switchToWindow</p>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            Windows.switchToWindow(windowsObject, flowControl)</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>: 
            
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Name: windowsObject</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: An object that describes locator and locator
                  strategy to find the opening application.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: WindowsTestObject.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Name: flowControl</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Used to control the step if the step failed.\
                  STOP<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: throws a StepFailedException if the step
                  failed (default).\ CONTINUE<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: continue the test if
                  the test failed but the test result is still failed.\ OPTIONAL:
                  continue the test and ignore the test result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: optional</li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Returns</b>: The WindowsDriver after Katalon
            Studio switches successfully.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Throw</b>: <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">StepFailedException</b> if
            Katalon Studio could not find any window that matches with the
            given windows object.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example</b>:</p>
          
            <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Windows.switchToWindow(findWindowsObject('Object Repository/Window'))
</codeblock>
          
        </li></ul>
    
  </section></conbody></concept>