<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_13" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">July 26th 2021</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Introduced Auto-distributed execution. Users can automatically distribute tasks to active and available Agents. Learn more: <xref href="../../../../Execute/Cloud_based_test_execution/Test_execution_with_TestOps/Local-Test-Environments/auto-distributed-execution/auto-distributed-execution.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Auto-Distributed Execution</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Introduced Test Usage Validation. Users can view how many test runs remain until their subscription quota is capped.</p></li><li class="- topic/li ">Introduced Similar Error Suggestion. Users can view all common errors of their failed test results in the centralized view.</li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Enhanced filters for Reports &amp; Analytics.</p></li><li class="- topic/li ">Enhanced component release summary.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Enabled component to show test percentage in release readiness.</li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Enhanced wizard for framework integration.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Build visible under Configuration section for each Test Run.</p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Could not filter API log by timestamp.</li><li class="- topic/li ">testRuns (Number of test runs) field could be manipulated into invalid values.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Long pending messages in Retry function.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Path Injection, Zip Slip vulnerabilities.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Occurences where the app would break because of a missing LD config file.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Uncommon error when creating thumbnail.</li><li class="- topic/li ">User could fetch other organization's invoices from Payment Success screen.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Week/day view of calendar would show wrong test runs when updating time zone.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Manually uploading Katalon Reports in TestOps sometimes failed.</li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Agent could not override Execution Mode of Test Suite Collection when executing with KRE 8.0/ 8.0.5 versions.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Removed: polling message prompts for certain errors.</p></li></ul></section></conbody></concept>