<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_9" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">September 29th 2021</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Introduced Test Orchestration for Bitbucket repositories (sequential and parallel mode). Read more: <xref href="../../../../Organize/upload-tests-via-git-repo/intro-git-test-project.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Upload Test Scripts from a Git Repository</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Introduced a new flow to schedule test runs. Read more: <xref href="../../../../Execute/Schedule_test_executions/Schedule-test-runs-in-testops/create-plan.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Schedule Test Runs</xref>.</p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Subscription] Enabled subscribing to TestOps Business via a "Get Quote" email.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[License Management] Added max session timeout in Idle TimeOut.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI] Updated invitation UI in User Management.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI] Allowed to select Test Environment in Schedule Test Run dialog.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI] Allowed to create Test Run Type without running or scheduling.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI] Updated information in Script Repositories view (Create &amp; Edit).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI] Consolidated Schedule Test Run button colors.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Access log] Added email address to access log files.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Test Run Type] Added sorting value by time.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Test Run Type] Removed data in Last Run column.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Reports] New confirmation dialog when exporting test run reports.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Reports] Allowed viewing re-run test results via email.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Jira integration] Synced Release status from Jira.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Jira integration] Enabled refreshing Jira release status in TestOps.</p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Agent] Local Agent status (online/offline) failed to show up when scheduling test runs.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Jira integration] Katalon Studio and TestOps integration (com.katalon.katalon-jira-plugin) failed HSTS Validation from Connect Security Requirements Tester.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Maintenance mode] Chart did not display and show error message after navigating to the Summary by Test Result page.</p></li></ul></section></conbody></concept>