<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_1" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Version 8.3.0</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">[DDT] Introduced data-driven testing at the test case level.
            See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Data_Driven_Testing/ddt-at-test-case-level/c_intro_ddt-at-test-case-level.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Data-driven
               testing at test case level</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[DDT] Introduced data-driven testing in a dynamic test suite.
            See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Data_Driven_Testing/ddt-dynamic-test-suite-ks/perform_data-driven_testing_in_a_dynamic_test_suite.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Data-driven
               testing in dynamic test suite</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[Mobile] Introduced
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">toggleWifi</codeph>,<codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">useFingerprint</codeph>,<codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">performTouchID</codeph>
            mobile keywords. See: 
            
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Keywords/Keywords_Description_In_Katalon_Studio/Mobile-Keywords/mobile-toggle-wifi/mobile-toggle-wifi.dita" class="- topic/xref ">[Mobile]
                     Toggle Wifi</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Keywords/Keywords_Description_In_Katalon_Studio/Mobile-Keywords/mobile-use-fingerprint/mobile-use-fingerprint.dita" class="- topic/xref ">[Mobile]
                     Use Fingerprint</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Keywords/Keywords_Description_In_Katalon_Studio/Mobile-Keywords/mobile-perform-touchID/mobile-perform-touchid.dita" class="- topic/xref ">[Mobile]
                     Perform TouchID</xref></li></ul></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">[Security Compliance] Upgraded Log4j to version 2.17.1.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[Katalon Gradle Plugin] Supported Gradle 7 and the latest <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">com.github.jengelman.gradle.plugins:shadow v7.1.2+</codeph> to prevent Log4Shell vulnerabilities. See <xref href="../../../../Plugins_And_Add-ons/Katalon_Store/Katalon_Studio_Plugins/Develop_Custom_Keywords_Plugin/develop_a_custom_keywords_plugin.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Develop a custom keywords plugin</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Added Microsoft Edge (Chromium) 99 compatibility.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Added Chrome 100 compatibility.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Applied alphabetical order for custom keyword folders.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[DDT Reports]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Added an option to differentiate iteration names with the chosen variable in the test suite HTML reports and the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Test Case Table</b>. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Data_Driven_Testing/specify-iteration-names/specify-iteration-names.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Specify iteration names in data-driven testing reports</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Improved handling of long data binding names for HTML reports and test case names in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Test Case Table</b>.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">[Katalon Platform]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">[TestCloud Integration] Added status message when reopening the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">TestCloud configuration</b> dialog with tunnel enabled.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[TestOps Integration] Changed navigation when clicking <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Schedule on Katalon TestOps</b> in the test suite collection from the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Planning</b> tab to the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Schedule Test Run</b> screen.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">[Email Settings]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Disabled email validation on <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Username</b> and <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Password</b> of Mail Server Settings. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Project_settings.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Mail Server</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Added test suite/test suite collection names in the email subject of test reports.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Enabled calling of global variables in the email body of a test suite and test suite collection. See <xref href="../../../../Analyze/Reports/Manage_Reports/Share-reports-via-emails-in-Studio/support_global_variables_in_email_settings.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Support Global Variables in Email Settings</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Added duration and start time in the email body of a test suite.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">[Mobile]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Added <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Send Keys</b>, <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Take Screenshot</b>, <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Switch To Web View</b>, <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Switch To Native</b> in <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Available Actions</b> for Mobile Recorder Utility. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Record_And_Spy/Mobile_Record_And_Spy_Utilities/An_Introduction_To_Katalon_Mobile_Recorder/available_actions.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Available Actions</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Improved launch time for Android applications.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Added troubleshooting mechanism to reinstall all iOS dependencies &amp; rebuild WebDriverAgent. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Troubleshooting_For_Test_Creation/Troubleshooting_Automated_Mobile_Testing/troubleshooting-automated-mobile-testing.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Troubleshooting automated mobile testing</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Enhanced third-party tools and iOS dependencies installation. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Set_Up_Projects/Mobile-Testing/iOS/Mobile_iOS_Setup_Real_Device/mobile-ios-setup.dita" class="- topic/xref ">[Mobile] iOS setup</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Added <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">/opt/homebrew/bin</codeph> as one of the default paths to look up iOS dependencies.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">[API Testing] Added the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Import Postman</b> option in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Tests Explorer</b> panel and the main menu bar. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Test_Objects/API_Test_Object/Import-Web-Service-Objects/import-postman/import-postman.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Import from Postman</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[Katalon Runtime Engine] Removed the environment and license messages in the execution log.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Removed unused messages in the test suite collection and Web/Mobile Spy/Recorder Utility.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[UI Changes]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">[Katalon Product Tours] Improved step-by-step messages in Product Tours for WebUI testing, API testing and test suite.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Changed UI text from <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Quick Start Page</b> into <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Quickstart guide</b> in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Help</b> menu.</li></ul></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [On-Premises and Cloud Licensing Servers] Displayed the session termination dialog during an active licensed session.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [BDD] "KeywordUtil.markFailed" logged the error but did not continue execution in the BDD framework.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Obsolete proxy desired capabilities for Firefox caused test failures.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[qTest]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Could not upload reports to qTest with the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Java heap space</codeph> error.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Split test case execution history according to the number of attachments.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Katalon Runtime Engine] Did not print specific names of empty test suites when executing in Katalon Runtime Engine.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[Mobile]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Screenshots unexpectedly taken twice when using the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Mobile.TakeScreenShot()</codeph> keyword once.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Could not apply Chrome capabilities to override the private connection issue in the Android Emulator.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Could not refresh the project root folder when clicking <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Project</b> &gt; <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Refresh</b> or right-clicking in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Tests Explorer</b> panel &gt; <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Refresh</b>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Could not update test object references after renaming test objects.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Docker Image] Unable to send email reports when running test script. Download <xref format="html" href="https://hub.docker.com/r/katalonstudio/katalon/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Docker Image version 8.3.0</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Could not send execution reports via emails on Linux/Windows/macOS.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Incorrectly embedded GeckoDriver in Katalon packages.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[TestCloud Integration]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Could not execute the following test cases when the previous test case failed.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">navigateToUrl</codeph> keyword returned an incorrect status.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Unable to execute tests with proxy configuration.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Kobiton/TestCloud Integration] Displayed <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">java.lang.NullPointerException</codeph> error when reopening test suite collection after disabling Kobiton/TestCloud.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Kobiton Integration] Unable to tap the dropdown menu to select elements when testing iOS devices.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Failed to terminate all chromedriver.exe files after test execution.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Unexpectedly minimized Katalon Studio when minimizing Mobile Spy/Recorder Utility and Native Windows Recorder windows.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[API Testing]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Automatically removed double quote in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Query Parameter</b> section.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Could not load new content from a parameterized URL of the SOAP request.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Unable to import an OpenAPI 3.0 JSON file with no <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">schema</codeph> object.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Unable to include PNG files in the .zip attachment of reports sent via email.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [TestRail Plugin] Unable to upload execution reports to TestRail when enabling TestOps integration.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Did not display error messages when creating duplicated property names.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Mail Server Settings] Could not parse email settings information if setting values contain whitespace.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Katalon Runtime Engine] Displayed <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">NLS missing message: ConsoleMain_MSG_NON_DEVOPS_LICENSE_COMPATIBLITY</codeph> in console log.</li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Known security issues</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">postgresql-42.2.17.jre7.jar</codeph> is subject to the
               vulnerabilities: <xref format="html" href="https://vuln.whitesourcesoftware.com/vulnerability/CVE-2022-26520" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">CVE-2022-26520</xref>,
               <xref format="html" href="https://vuln.whitesourcesoftware.com/vulnerability/CVE-2022-21724" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">CVE-2022-21724</xref>,
               and <xref format="html" href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-0080" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">CVE-2022-0080</xref>.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">To stay safe, use the following workaround:</p>
            <ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Exclude <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">postgresql-42.2.17.jre7.jar</codeph> from your test
                     project. See: <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Libraries_Management/Exclude_built-in_libraries.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Exclude
                        built-in libraries</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Download <xref format="html" href="https://jdbc.postgresql.org/download/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">PostgreSQL version
                        42.3.3</xref> from the PostgreSQL JDBC Driver website.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Manually add PostgreSQL version 42.3.3 to your project. See: <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Libraries_Management/Add_external_libraries.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Add
                        external libraries</xref>.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">jackson-databind-2.11.2.jar</codeph> is subject to the
               vulnerability: <xref format="html" href="https://vuln.whitesourcesoftware.com/vulnerability/CVE-2020-36518" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">CVE-2020-36518</xref>.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">To stay safe, use the following workaround:</p>
            <ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Exclude <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">jackson-databind-2.11.2.jar</codeph> from your test
                     project. See: <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Libraries_Management/Exclude_built-in_libraries.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Exclude
                        built-in libraries</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Download <xref format="html" href="https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind/2.13.2.2" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">jackson-databind
                        version 2.13.2.2</xref> from Maven Repository.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Manually add jackson-databind version 2.13.2.2 to your project.
                     See: <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Libraries_Management/Add_external_libraries.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Add
                        external libraries</xref>.</p></li></ol></li></ul></section></conbody></concept>