<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-376" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Version 8.5.0</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Xuan Tran &lt;xuan.tran@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">From version 8.5.0 onwards, Katalon Studio has two editions: Katalon Studio - Standalone Edition and Katalon Studio - Platform Edition. </p><p class="- topic/p ">The Katalon Studio - Platform Edition is a component of the Katalon Platform - a modern, comprehensive quality management platform that enables teams to efficiently test, launch, and optimize testing without any complicated setup. With the platform solution, test automation teams can collaborate, manage, scale, and continuously improve testing operations. See <xref href="../../../../About_Katalon_Platform/About_Katalon_Platform.dita" class="- topic/xref ">About Katalon Platform</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If you are new to Katalon Platform, you are using the Katalon Studio - Platform Edition. With this Edition, TestOps and Git integration are enabled by default. If you already use Katalon Studio version 8.4.1 and before, you can upgrade to Katalon Studio - Standalone version 8.5.0 onwards. See <xref href="../../../../Administer/Katalon_Platform_Packages/platform-packages/testops-pricing-model.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio - Platform Edition and Standalone Edition share most of their features. When they do, the documentation only mentions "Katalon Studio". When they do not, the documentation will specify which Edition that feature is available for: either "Katalon Studio - Standalone Edition", or "Katalon Studio - Platform Edition".<note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">If you are using the <xref href="../../../../Get_Started/Set_Up_Your_Workspace/Update_Katalon_Studio/auto-updater.dita" class="- topic/xref ">auto-update feature</xref>:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">In Standalone Edition: You can upgrade from version 8.0.0 to version 8.5.0 or high versions of Standalone Edition normally.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">In Platform Edition: You can update version 8.5.0 of Platform Edition to higher versions of Platform Edition.</p></li></ul></li></ul></note></p><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Dynamic Test Suite] In the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Query Provider</uicontrol> of the dynamic test suite, added the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Built-in Search</uicontrol> option. See <xref href="../../../../Organize/Manage_Tests/Dynamic_Test_Suite/manage-dynamic-test-suite-ks/c_intro_dynamic-test-suite-ks.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Dynamic Test Suite</xref>.</p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added Chrome 105 compatibility.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added Edge 105 compatibility.</p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Changes for Katalon Studio - Platform Edition</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Introduced a new dialog to open a project and removed the option to create a new project in Katalon Studio. Katalon TestOps and Git integration are required to open a project in Katalon Studio. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Manage_Test_Project/Open_Test_Project_In_KS_Platform/Open_a_test_project_in_Katalon_Studio_Platform_Edition.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Open a project in Katalon Studio - Platform Edition</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li "> In <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Project Settings</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Project Information</uicontrol>, added the information of <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">TestOps Server URL</uicontrol>, <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Repository URL</uicontrol>, and <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Project Type</uicontrol>. You can now change your project type to test different types of applications in the same project. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Project_Information/Project_information_1_1.dita" class="- topic/xref ">View and edit your project information in ​Katalon Studio - Platform Edition​​</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "> In <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Project Settings</uicontrol>, removed the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">TestOps</uicontrol> screen. Katalon TestOps is now enabled by default for every user, except for On Premise license and offline activation.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "> On the main toolbar, clicking on the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">TestOps</uicontrol> icon navigates you to the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Project Settings</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Project Information</uicontrol> screen.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">In the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Generate Command for Console Mode</uicontrol> dialog, removed the option to override TestOps project ID. See <xref href="../../../../Execute/Katalon_Runtime_Engine/console-mode-execution/command_builder_1.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Command Builder in Katalon Studio</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Git integration]:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">In Katalon Studio - Platform Edition, Git integration is always enabled by default. You cannot disable Git integration in Katalon Studio - Platform Edition. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Git-Integration/Git_Integration/Platform-Edition/git-integration_1.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Git integration in Katalon Studio - Platform Edition.</xref></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Introduced an option to log in to the Git account in the profile dropdown list. This option is helpful when your Git personal access token expires. See <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Git-Integration/Git_Integration/Platform-Edition/Log_in_to_Git_account_in_Katalon_Studio_Platform_Edition.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Log in to Git account in Katalon Studio - Platform Edition</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Removed the option to clone Git project and import keywords from Git.</p></li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Debug mode]:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Running in debug mode does not automatically export basic reports (HTML, PDF, CSV).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Removed the ability to export reports manually.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Running in debug mode does not automatically send execution results to Katalon TestOps.</p></li></ul></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Known limitations</title><p class="- topic/p ">When working with Git on Katalon Studio Platform Edition running on Virtual Machine with Linux, you might encounter this error message: <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">"Failed to write credentials for &lt;Git repository URL&gt; to secure store. No secure storage modules found."</i></p><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Workaround</b>: Katalon team is going to fix this issue in upcoming releases. For the time being, there are two solutions to this limitation:</p><p class="- topic/p ">On your Linux machine, open Git on a browser. Copy and paste your script changes into your file in Git on the browser, then commit changes.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Or:</p><p class="- topic/p ">Copy your current project on your Linux or Windows machine, then use independent Git to commit changes.</p></section></conbody></concept>