<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-6506" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Version 8.6.0</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">Here's what's new in Katalon Studio 8.6.0.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Trinh Huynh &lt;trinh.huynh@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Introduced TestCloud mobile browsers testing environments in Katalon Studio. See <xref href="../../../../Execute/Cloud_based_test_execution/Test_execution_with_TestCloud/KS_TestCloud_integration/testcloud-integration.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Web Recorder &amp; Spy]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Improved the mechanism for recognizing duplicate objects. Duplicate objects are now identified based on the ID and several common attributes of the object.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">When capturing an iframe object, you can now also capture its child.</p></li></ul></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Shadow DOM]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Supported recording multi-level Shadow DOM objects and locating them during runtime.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Enhanced the "Show unused test objects" feature by not showing Shadow DOM root object and iframe parent objects.</p></li></ul></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Improved Katalon Studio responsiveness and performance:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added a progress bar showing the release license process for when closing Katalon Studio.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Reduced the lagging and hanging when starting Katalon Studio by stabilizing the loading of the Start Page.</p></li></ul></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Katalon Runtime Engine] Support overriding global variables with Number type.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added Chrome 110 compatibility.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added Edge 110 compatibility.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added Gecko 0.32.0 (Firefox 110) compatibility.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Security Compliance]:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Upgraded jackson-databind to version 2.14.0.</p></li></ul></p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Changes</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">In Project Settings, we grouped the integration of Katalon TestOps and Katalon TestCloud into one place. Katalon Platform integration will also enable TestCloud and TestOps integrations. See <xref href="../../../../Get_Started/Set_Up_Your_Workspace/Integrate_Katalon_TestOps_and_TestCloud_With_Katalon_Studio/Integrate_Katalon_TestOps_with_Katalon_Studio.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio - Platform Edition version 8.5.5 will be the most recent supported version. From version 8.6.0 onwards, Katalon Studio is only available in one edition (previously known as Standalone Edition):<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">For existing users, you can continue to use Platform Edition as usual.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">If you want to use the new features, you can download the latest version of Katalon Studio from Katalon website: <xref href="https://katalon.com/download" scope="peer" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Studio 8.6.0</xref>.</p></li></ul> </p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title><p class="- topic/p ">The following fixes are integrated when you download/upgrade to Katalon Studio 8.6.0:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Wrong object ID when copying and pasting a test step.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Unable to rename the test case right after moving it into another folder.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">After renaming a test case a few times, the script's content was removed.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">When modifying test cases or test case folders, the test case IDs in test suites and dynamic test suites did not update automatically.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">"Unable to paste data" error when copying and pasting a java class in Include &gt; scripts &gt; groovy &gt; package.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Web Spy] Unable to save iframe elements after renaming the elements during Web Spy.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Web Recorder &amp; Spy] Unable to recognize element's children of a Shadow DOM.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Unable to add more variables into a Web Service Request after switching tabs in the Object Editor.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[BDD] <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">KeywordUtil.markFailedAndStop</codeph> did not stop the execution when the cucumber step failed if it was used after <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">KeywordUtil.markFailed</codeph> in a BDD test case.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Test Cloud] Unable to execute with TestCloud environment on Azure DevOps.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">When canceling a test suite execution with TestCloud / mobile configuration, Studio throws a warning dialog: Unable to execute the currently selected test suite.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[API Testing] When disabling the Auto update Content Type in the Object Repository, the editor did not save as expected. After closing the editor and re-opening it, the Auto update Content Type remained on.</p></li></ul></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Known limitations</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Executing tests with TestCloud mobile browsers using KRE is currently not supported yet.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">iOS 16 requires Appium 2.x and Xcode 14. However, Appium 2.x and Xcode 14 are not officially supported in this release. You can download the Proof of Concept for Appium 2.x and Xcode 14 from our GitHub repository: <xref href="https://github.com/katalon-studio/katalon-studio/releases/tag/v8.5.4.alpha" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">8.5.4.alpha</xref>. For more details, refer to <xref href="../../../Proof_Of_Concept/Appium_2x/PoC_Execute_mobile_tests_with_Appium_version_2x.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Execute mobile tests with Appium 2.x in Katalon Studio (PoC)</xref>.</p></li></ul></section></conbody></concept>