<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Mobile] Image-based testing in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/></title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Starting from <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">version 7.2</b>, image-based testing
         is available for Katalon Studio Enterprise users.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This feature allows you to locate and interact with Mobile
         objects by their images. It is particularly helpful in the
         following use cases:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Dynamic test objects without unique selectors (their values are
               passed through the parameters during execution) or visual objects
               that are traditionally identified by their orders in a list.</p>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Objects in a canvas of 2D or 3D game (you can conventionally
               identify the canvas elements, not what's inside).</p>
        </li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">Built upon Appium, image-based testing for Mobile in Katalon
         Studio relies on Appium's finding image objects. Read more about it
         <xref format="html" href="http://appium.io/docs/en/advanced-concepts/image-elements/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">here</xref>.
         Katalon Studio automatically encodes images to Base64 for reference
         during test execution. The reference images will be used for
         finding the most matching area of the screen, which means the key
         to successfully finding visual elements is capturing reference
         images. This section will guide you through how to set up visual
         element testing, best practice for capturing images, and custom
         acceptance threshold.</p></conbody></concept>