<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">GitLab Integration</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">This tutorial shows you how to integrate your Katalon Studio project with GitLab CI/CD.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Suppose you are an automation tester using Katalon Studio for testing. In that case, you can integrate your Katalon Studio tests into your GitLab CI/CD and set up your tests to be triggered when there is a new update in your project.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The method for this integration is to run your GitLab CI/CD jobs in a Docker container built from the Katalon Studio Docker image.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio Docker image contains up-to-date browsers, including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Katalon Studio. The image is available here at Docker Hub: <xref format="html" href="https://hub.docker.com/r/katalonstudio/katalon/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">katalonstudio/katalon</xref>.</p><note type="important" class="- topic/note ">
            
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">A GitLab account.</li><li class="- topic/li ">A Katalon Studio project in GitLab. You can clone or download the sample project on this GitHub repository: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/katalon-studio-samples/ci-samples" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">CI Samples</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">GitLab Runners configured in your project. To learn more about GitLab Runner, refer to this GitLab document: <xref format="html" href="https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/quick_start/#ensure-you-have-runners-available" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Ensure you have runners available</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">For self-hosted GitLab Runners, you need to install and run Docker. You can refer to the instructions in the Docker document here: <xref format="html" href="https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Get Docker</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">An active Katalon Runtime Engine floating license. See: <xref href="../../../Administer/KSE-KRE-Licenses/license_overview/c_intro_license_overview.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Types of Licenses</xref>.</li></ul>
        </note></conbody></concept>