<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Configure XPath</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">You can prioritize XPath locators by dragging and dropping the XPath locators list. To locate the elements, Katalon Studio uses the first XPath as default. If the default XPath fails, the remaining XPaths of the list are leveraged to locate the element.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To return to the default order, click <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Reset Default</uicontrol>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Below is a list of XPath capture strategies:</p><table class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">XPath capture strategy</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Description</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:link</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build XPath locators for the link element. <p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//a[contains(text(),'Go to Homepage')]</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:img</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build XPath locators for the image element. <p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//img[@alt='Katalon']</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:attributes</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "><p class="- topic/p ">Build XPath locators based on the tag name and attributes of the selected element.</p><p class="- topic/p ">There are 5 preferred attributes to build element locators: ['id', 'name', 'value', 'type', 'action', 'onclick'].</p><p class="- topic/p ">If the element has more than one of those attributes, the locator combines the attributes with an operator.</p><p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//button[@id='btn-login']</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:customAttributes</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build XPath locators based on the tag name and attributes of the selected element. The XPath value combines one or more attributes of all default and customized attributes. (Available from version 8.2.5)<p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//button[@id = 'btn-login' and @type = 'submit' and (text() = 'Login' or . = 'Login')]</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:idRelative</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build relative XPath locators from the nearest parent that has id attributes.<p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//section[@id='login']/div/div/div[2]/form/div[4]/div/button</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:href</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build XPath locators of an element that has href attributes and matches or contains a given value.<p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//a[contains(@href, 'https://katalon-demo-cura.herokuapp.com/')]</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:position</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build absolute XPath locators of a selected element.<p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//div[3]/div/input</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">xpath:neighbor</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build XPath locator based on the more robust neighbors of the selected element.<p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">(.//*[normalize-space(text()) and normalize-space(.)='CURA Healthcare Service'])[3]/preceding::button[1]</codeph></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">dom:name</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Build XPath locator based on DOM (Document Object Model). This applies only to elements within a named form.<p class="- topic/p ">For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">"document.forms["home"].elements["userName"]"</codeph></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></conbody></concept>