<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Dependencies Management with Native Gradle Support (Poc) in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/></title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><note type="important" class="- topic/note ">
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "> This Proof of Concept (PoC) is not ready for production use. We recommend using this PoC for evaluation purposes only. </li></ul>
        </note><p class="- topic/p ">Previously, <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> provides a <xref format="html" href="https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.katalon.gradle-plugin" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Gradle Plugin</xref> to simplify and automate some tasks in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/>. However, some users find it cumbersome, and dependencies management is pretty bare-bones.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Empowered by <xref format="html" href="https://www.eclipse.org/community/eclipse_newsletter/2018/february/buildship.php" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Buildship</xref>, an Eclipse plugin, the Gradle wrapper and native Gradle integration in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> makes dependencies management with Maven or Gradle more streamlined and robust. You are no longer required to use any Command-line or third-party tools and free to decide which Gradle version to use in your test project instead of being limited to use only the fixed version that you have installed on your local machine earlier.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This feature is particularly beneficial to Katalon users who use external libraries in multiple test projects and prefer to use Gradle for managing their build process. You can now run Gradle tasks in a better editor without installing Gradle in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> or using an external terminal/command prompt. It substantially reduces your manual effort when you can manage and download external libraries in fewer steps than before.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This manual introduces what built-in Gradle support looks like and how to use it in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/>.</p><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
           
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                  Download <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> v8.0.0.rc from our GitHub repository:  <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/katalon-studio/katalon-studio/releases/tag/v8.0.0.rc" scope="external" class="- topic/xref "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> v8in .0.0.rc</xref>.</li></ul></note></conbody></concept>