<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id-63591540" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Katalon Studio Platform Edition vs Katalon Studio Standalone Edition</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">From version 8.5.0 onwards, Katalon Studio has two editions: Katalon Studio - Standalone Edition and Katalon Studio - Platform Edition.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This document reflects the comparison between the Katalon Studio - Platform Edition and Katalon Studio - Standalone Edition.</p><p class="- topic/p ">From now on, if the documentation only mention Katalon Studio, that feature is available for both editions. If the document only specifies "Katalon Studio - Standalone Edition", or "Katalon Studio - Platform Edition", then the feature is only available for that specific edition of Katalon Studio.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If you are new to Katalon Platform, you are using the Katalon Studio - Platform Edition. With this Edition, TestOps and Git integration is enabled by default. You can central and manage all your test projects in Katalon TestOps, store all your projects on Git repositories, and open your projects in Katalon Studio to start generating automated tests.</p><p class="- topic/p ">If you already use Katalon Studio version 8.4.1 and before, you can upgrade to Katalon Studio - Standalone version 8.5.0 onwards. You can try out Katalon Platform, our comprehensive quality management platform for test planning, test management, test generation, test execution, reports &amp; analytics, and test maintenance - natively integrated without any complex set up required. See <xref href="../../Katalon_Platform_Packages/platform-packages/testops-pricing-model.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Platform pricing</xref>.</p><table class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Features</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Katalon Studio - Platform Edition</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Katalon Studio - Standalone Edition</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "> Create a new project in Katalon Studio</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Not available</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Available</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "> Open a project</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "><xref href="../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Manage_Test_Project/Open_Test_Project_In_KS_Platform/Open_a_test_project_in_Katalon_Studio_Platform_Edition.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Open a project in Katalon Studio - Platform Edition</xref></entry><entry class="- topic/entry "><xref href="../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Manage_Test_Project/Open_Test_Project_In_KS_Standalone/Open_an_existing_test_project.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Open a project in Katalon Studio - Standalone Edition</xref></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "> TestOps integration</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Required</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Optional</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "> Git integration</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Required</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Optional</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "> Offline Activation</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Not available</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Available</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Override TestOps project ID in Command Builder</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Not available</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Available</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "> Clone Git project and import keywords from Git</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Not available</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Available</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "> Debug mode</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">
                            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                                    <p class="- topic/p ">Running in debug mode does not automatically export basic reports (HTML, PDF, CSV).</p>
                                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                                    <p class="- topic/p ">Removed the ability to export reports manually.</p>
                                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                                    <p class="- topic/p ">Running in debug mode does not automatically send execution results to Katalon TestOps.</p>
                                </li></ul>
                        </entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">
                            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                                    <p class="- topic/p ">Running in debug mode can export basic reports (HTML, PDF, CSV).</p>
                                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                                    <p class="- topic/p ">Able to export reports manually.</p>
                                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                                    <p class="- topic/p ">Able to automatically send execution results to Katalon TestOps if TestOps integration is enabled.</p>
                                </li></ul>
                        </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></conbody></concept>