<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Mobile] Take Screenshot As Checkpoint</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
        <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">From version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.9</b>, this keyword is
            available.</p></li></ul>
      </note></p><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">takeScreenshotAsCheckpoint</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Take a screenshot of the current
            application to send to TestOps Vision. The captured image will be
            saved to the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">keyes</b> folder in the report. The
            screenshot will not include OS's status and navigation bars.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: takeScreenshotAsCheckpoint</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Mobile.takeScreenshotAsCheckpoint(String checkpointName, List&lt;TestObject&gt; ignoredElements, Color hidingColor, FailureHandling flowControl)</codeblock>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: checkpointName</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: A String representing the name of the image on
                        TestOps Vision. This name will be used to detect which baseline
                        this checkpoint is compared with. This name will be appended with
                        the TestOps Vision prefix ('keyes-') on a local machine.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: ignoredElements</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: List of the ignored elements. These elements will
                        be hidden by drawing an overlap color layer. If the test engine
                        failed to hide the element by any problems, this keyword would
                        continue without impacting the result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: List
                        
                        
                        </li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: hidingColor</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: The color used to draw the overlap layer. If not
                        defined, Color.GRAY is used.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: Color</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: flowControl</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Specify <xref href="../../../../../Maintain/failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref>
                        schema to determine whether the execution should be allowed to
                        continue or stop.</li><li class="- topic/li ">STOP<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: throws a StepFailedException if the
                        step fails (default).</li><li class="- topic/li ">CONTINUE<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: continues the test if the test
                        fails, but the test result is still FAILED.</li><li class="- topic/li ">OPTIONAL: continues the test and ignores the test result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Return</b>: a String representing the path to the
               captured image.</p>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Throw</b>: StepFailedException If the test engine
            can't store the image in the disk.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example</b>:<p class="- topic/p "><codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Mobile.takeScreenshotAsCheckpoint('screenshot_keyes', [findTestObject('hide_element_1'), findTestObject('hide_element_2')], Color.RED, FailureHandling.STOP_ON_FAILURE)
</codeblock></p></li></ul>
      
        
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>