<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[WebUI] Take Full Page Screenshot</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section id="id" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">Description</title>
    
      <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
        <p class="- topic/p ">From version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.7.0</b>, this keyword is
            available.</p>
      </note>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Warning</b>: If this method is used with the
         ignored elements, JavaScript is required to be enabled on test
         browser. The method used to take a full-paged screenshot is
         simulating a scroll action to the end of the page. If the web page
         uses infinity-scrolling, it's not recommended to use this
         keyword.</p>
    
  </section><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">takeFullPageScreenshot</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Take entire-page screenshot,
            including overflow parts. The captured image will be saved in
            '.png' format. This method simulates a scroll action to take a
            number of shots and merge them together to make a full-page
            screenshot.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: takeFullPageScreenshot</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshot(fileName, ignoredElements, flowControl)</codeph>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: fileName</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: A String that represents the path to the saved
                        image. The path can be absolute path or relative path.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: ignoredElements</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: List of Test Objects you want to hide when taking
                        a screenshot.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: List
                        
                        
                        </li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: flowControl</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Specify <xref href="../../../../../Maintain/failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref>
                        schema to determine whether the execution should be allowed to
                        continue or stop.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Examples</b>:</p>
        </li></ul>
      <ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">Given that no elements are going to be hidden, you want to take
            a full-page screenshot with a default name and use default <xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalon-studio/docs/failure-handling.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref>:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshot()
</codeblock></li><li class="- topic/li ">You want to take a full-page screenshot that will be saved in a
            file named 'full<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">view</i>no_logo.png' in the report folder and
            hide some web elements:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import static com.kms.katalon.core.testobject.ObjectRepository.findTestObject
import com.kms.katalon.core.configuration.RunConfiguration as RunConfiguration

WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshot(RunConfiguration.getReportFolder() + '/full_view_no_elements.png', [findTestObject('UI/logo')])
</codeblock></li><li class="- topic/li ">You want to take a full-page screenshot that will be saved to a
            file 'E:\full<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">view</i>no_elements.png' and hide some web
            elements defined in a variable named 'ignoredElements':<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">// where ignoredElements is a user-defined List-typed variable.
WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshot('E:\\full_view_no_elements.png', ignoredElements)
</codeblock></li></ol>
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>