<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[WebUI] Take Element Screenshot</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section id="id" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">Description</title>
    
      <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
        <p class="- topic/p ">From version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.7.0</b>, this keyword is
            available.</p>
      </note>
    
  </section><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">takeElementScreenshot</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Take a screenshot of a specific
            web element. The captured image will be saved in '.png'
            format.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: takeElementScreenshot</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">WebUI.takeElementScreenshot(fileName, to, flowControl)</codeph>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: fileName</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: A String that represents a path to the saved
                        image. The path can be absolute path or relative path.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: to</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: A Test Object which represents the element you
                        want to take screenshot of.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: TestObject</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: flowControl</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Specify <xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalon-studio/docs/failure-handling.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref>
                        schema to determine whether the execution should be allowed to
                        continue or stop.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Examples</b>:</p>
        </li></ul>
      <ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">You want to take a screenshot of an element that you have
            captured by using Katalon Spy Utility and stored in Test Object
            &gt; UI &gt; logo. The file name is 'logo.png' and stored in the
            report folder. Default <xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalon-studio/docs/failure-handling.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref> is
            used:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import static com.kms.katalon.core.testobject.ObjectRepository.findTestObject
import com.kms.katalon.core.configuration.RunConfiguration as RunConfiguration

WebUI.takeElementScreenshot(RunConfiguration.getReportFolder() + '/logo.png', findTestObject('UI/logo'))
</codeblock></li><li class="- topic/li ">You want to take a screenshot of a Test Object stored in a
            variable named 'header' for TestOps Vision. Use the default
            fileName:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import static com.kms.katalon.core.testobject.ObjectRepository.findTestObject

// where ignoredElements is a user-defined List-typed variable.
WebUI.takeElementScreenshot(header)
</codeblock></li></ol>
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>