<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-2654" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">What is Katalon Platform On-Premises</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Dong Nguyen &lt;dong.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-platform" class="- topic/ph "/> On-Premises is designed for enterprise customers with strict security requirements and privacy policies. </p><p class="- topic/p ">With <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-platform" class="- topic/ph "/> On-Premises, customers can manage users and projects through an administration module, enabling test case management, scheduling test execution, and visual testing of projects in a secure, isolated environment. This package provides a complete end-to-end testing experience, similar to the current Katalon Platform SaaS offering, but behind a firewall.</p><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-platform" class="- topic/ph "/> On-Premises offers you: <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Control and Flexibility: With the On-Premises package, you have complete control and flexibility over your testing environment. You can employ  useful TestOps features, deployed within your system completely on premises. </li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Security: <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-platform" class="- topic/ph "/>  On-Premises  provides a closed, secure, and isolated work environment, ensuring that your data and privacy policies are strictly protected. </p></li><li class="- topic/li ">Compliance: The On-Premises deployment allows you to meet regulatory and compliance requirements. They can ensure  your  data remains on-premises and meets the compliance standards.</li></ul></p><p class="- topic/p ">Being behind the firewall, <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-platform" class="- topic/ph "/> On-Premises doesn't support some features of <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-platform" class="- topic/ph "/> that require connection to the world wide web, such as <ph conkeyref="name-variables/name-variable-testcloud" class="- topic/ph "/>, Text Comparison in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/visual-testing" class="- topic/ph "/>, Similar Errors suggestion in Test Reports, creating multiple Organizations within Administration module.</p></conbody></concept>