<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_7" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
        <ul class="- topic/ul ">
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Test object references are displayed incorrectly when new
            test objects are created from the existing ones.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The scroll bar disappears in the Variables section.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Incorrectly detect and highlight Mobile Test Objects when
            using Mobile Recorder or Mobile Object Spy.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Incorrectly detect Test Objects’ locations when
            using Mobile Recorder or Mobile Object Spy.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot record additional items when using Web Recorder on
            existing test cases.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot activate Katalon Studio after resetting the
            password.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot load test steps in Manual View of a test case when
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Initially open Test Case in Script view</i> is set by
            default.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot run test cases with Microsoft Edge 18.0 on
            BrowserStack.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Katalon Studio always uses Xpath as a default element
            locator instead of Web Locators defined by users.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Continue Recording</i> silently deletes WebService
            parameters.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The new checkpoint dialog box is not resizable and does
            not display all UI elements on Windows 10.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The Sender field is empty when users send an email.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: An issue related to running a test suite with too large
            test data.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: NullPointerException occurs when using Web Recorder on an
            empty test case.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Global Variables initialization fails when an existing
            WebDrivers’ instance is used in a custom profile.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: "Bind to test case as string" checkbox in Test Data is
            always checked while a test suite is executed.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Slow performance of adding Variables to test cases.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: HAR files fail to be logged when the
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">SendRequestAndVerify</b> keyword is used.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">TapAtPosition</b> keyword fails to
            run.</li>
        </ul>
      </conbody>
    </concept>