<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_16" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">Fixes and Improvements</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
        <ul class="- topic/ul ">
          <li class="- topic/li ">Fixed a bug where Kobiton devices are duplicated.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Fixed a bug where Katalon Studio cannot be opened if a custom
            keyword plugin contains errors.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Fixed a bug where HAR files are not generated with the correct
            name.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Fixed a bug where Safari webdriver install requirements pop-up
            shows up before every test.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Fixed a bug where test execution crashes when failing to get
            recent projects.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Fixed a bug where executeJavaScript keyword fails when there
            are 3 arguments.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Fixed a bug in Jira Plugin where Default JIRA Issue TypeType
            field in integration setting contains duplicated values.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Added some small UI improvements when selecting devices and app
            files.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">[BETA] Added the capability to import Test Objects from Postman
            collection JSON file. Importable fields include Postman fields in
            Params, Headers, Body.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Added a scrollbar in dropdown when selecting execution
            profiles.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Added the capability to display all user folders/files in Tests
            Explorer.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Added the capability to allow configuration of plugin
            installlation location in Preferences -&gt; Katalon -&gt;
            Plugins.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Added the capability to use variables in XPaths when finding
            test objects.</li>
        </ul>
      </conbody>
    </concept>