<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic-11" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Product introductions</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">Name the ID in the following format: &lt;product name&gt;-introduction. For example: ks-introduction</shortdesc><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1. Katalon Studio</b></p><p id="ks-introduction" class="- topic/p "><xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalon-studio/docs/katalon-studio-overview.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Studio</xref> is a productive IDE for test case generation, with cross-platform execution.</p><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2. Katalon TestOps</b></p><p id="ko-introduction" class="- topic/p "><xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalon-analytics/docs/overview.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon TestOps</xref> is an enterprise-ready platform for QA Orchestration, test analytics, and reporting.</p><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3. Katalon Recorder</b></p><p id="kr-introduction" class="- topic/p "><xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalon-recorder/docs/overview.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Recorder</xref> is a free, Selenium IDE alternative, lightweight web extension for automating actions and automated testing on the browser. Currently, we are available on Chrome, Firefox and Edge.</p><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4. TestCloud</b></p><p id="tc-introduction" class="- topic/p "> Katalon TestCloud is a cloud-based test execution environment equipped with the most common browsers and operating systems.</p><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5. Katalon Studio Enterprise</b></p><p id="kse-introduction" class="- topic/p "><xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalon-studio/docs/katalon-studio-overview.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Studio Enterprise</xref> is an advanced, robust, and scalable solution for businesses of any size.</p><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6. Katalon Runtime Engine</b></p><p id="kre-introduction" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../../Documents/About_Katalon_Platform/Katalon_Runtime_Engine_Overview/intro-re.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Runtime Engine</xref> is the test execution add-on of <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> for executing and scheduling tests in CI/CD pipeline or via the command-line interface.</p><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7. Katalium Framework</b></p><p id="katalium-introduction" class="- topic/p "><xref href="https://docs.katalon.com/katalium-framework/docs/katalium-framework-overview.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalium Framework</xref> is a framework that provides a blueprint for test automation projects based on TestNG and Selenium.</p></body></topic>