<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Generate browser-based videos in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> reports</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">You need an active <ph conkeyref="name-variables/kse" class="- topic/ph "/> license.</li><li class="- topic/li ">You must be on <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> version 7.8.0 or later.</li><li class="- topic/li ">You need to install the FFmpeg library. See: <xref href="install_ffmpeg_library.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</li></ul></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><p class="- topic/p ">From <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> version 7.8.0 or later, you can record and watch videos to review your failed tests. <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> supports screen-based recording and browser-based recording. To learn more about screen-based recording, see: <xref href="../record-screen-based-videos-in-Studio/intro-generate-screen-based-videos-in-Studio-reports.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Use browser-based recording feature to:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Record video of browser window only (even if it is hidden behind another window).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Record video of Headless browser. To learn more about Headless Browser Execution, see: <xref href="../../../../Execute/Execute_tests_in_Katalon_Studio/headless-browsers-execution/headless-browsers-execution.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Headless Browsers Execution</xref>.</p> </li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "> Record videos of multiple browsers simultaneously (for instance, parallel execution of Test Suite Collection).</p></li></ul><note type="note" class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">You can only record videos for Web UI testing.</li><li class="- topic/li ">This feature supports test suite and test suite collection execution.</li><li class="- topic/li ">This feature is available for Chrome, Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based), and Headless Chrome. To learn more about Headless Chrome, refer to the Google Developer website here: <xref format="html" href="https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Getting Started with Headless Chrome</xref></li></ul></note></p><p class="- topic/p ">To use browser-based recording feature, you need to enable it in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> and install a third-party library (FFmpeg) for video encoding.</p></section></conbody></concept>