<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-5208" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Optional arguments</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Hao Le &lt;hao.le@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><dl class="- topic/dl "><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-statusDelay</b>=&lt;seconds&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">System updates execution status of the test suite after the delay period (in seconds) specified.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-retry</b>=&lt;number of retry times&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Number of times running test cases in the test suite.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-retryStrategy</b>=&lt;allExecutions | failedExecutions | immediately&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">This option is supported in version 7.6 onwards. Specify which execution to be retried (this parameter overrides setting in test suite file):<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">allExecutions</b>: Retry all executions when the Test Suite fails</li><li class="- topic/li "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">failedExecutions</b>: Retry only failed executions when the Test Suite fails</li><li class="- topic/li "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">immediately</b>: Retry a failed execution of a test case or test data immediately. (Only for Katalon Studio Enterprise users)</li></ul></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-maxFailedTest</b>s=&lt;T&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">From version 8.1.0, you can terminate a test suite/ test suite collection execution based on the number of test failures.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Set &lt;T&gt; as the maximum number of total test failures allowed in the execution. Reaching &lt;T&gt; terminates the test execution.</li><li class="- topic/li ">A test failure is counted when any of these type of tests fails: test case, retried test case, test iteration, or retried test iteration.</li></ul></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-reportFolde</b>r=&lt;path&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Specify the destination folder for saving report files. You can use an absolute path or relative path (root being project folder).</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-reportFileName</b>=&lt;name&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Specify the name for report files (.html, .csv, .log). If not provided, the system uses the name "report" (report.html, report.csv, report.log). .</p><note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-reportFileName</codeph> is only interpreted if <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-reportFolder</codeph> is specified.</p></li></ul></note></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-sendMail</b>=&lt;e-mail address&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">Specify the e-mail address for receiving report files. If the e-mail address was not specified, the report files are not to be sent.</dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-remoteWebDriverUrl</b>=&lt;remote web server url&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Specify the remote web driver URL.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-serverUrl</b>=&lt;server url&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Specify the server URL that you use to activate a KRE license. From Katalon Studio version 8.3.5 onwards, you can use this parameter to activate a KRE license with Private Instance while executing in console mode. For example: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-serverUrl="https://admin-tenant1.katalon-cloudops.com"</codeph>.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-remoteWebDriverType</b>=&lt;Selenium | Appium&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Remote web's driver type.</p><note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">remoteWebDriverType</codeph> is only interpreted if <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">remoteWebDriverUrl</codeph> is specified.</p></li></ul></note></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-deviceId</b>=&lt;device Id for Android/device UUID for ios&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Specify the device's ID to execute test scripts using this device.</p><note class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-deviceId</codeph> is only interpreted if <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-browserType</codeph> is specified.</li></ul></note></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-executionProfile</b></codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Specify the execution profile that a test suite executes with</p><p class="- topic/p ">From version 7.6.0 onwards, you can use this option in Test Suite Collection execution. The specified execution profile is applied to all test suites in that collection.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-delayBetweenInstances</b>=&lt;value&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">From Katalon version 8.2.0 onwards, you can set a delay between each test suite execution in a Test Suite Collection.</li></ul><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Value</codeph> is a positive integer from 0-999 seconds.</li></ul><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">When a test suite is ready to start, KRE prints a message in Console Log: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Test suite ${testSuiteID} is ready to start at ${currentTimeStamp}</codeph></li></ul></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-g_&lt;variable_name&gt;</b></codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Override Execution Profile variables.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Example:<codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-g_userName="admin"</codeph></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-testSuiteQuery</b>=&lt;search-query&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">From version 7.8.0, you can override the search query of the dynamic test suite from the CLI.</p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">&lt;search-query&gt;</codeph> is the search condition that follows the query syntax of the installed query provider plugin. For detailed instruction, follow this guide: <xref href="../dynamic-test-suite-kre/pass_the_search_query_to_the_cli_for_dynamic_test_suite_execution.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Pass the search query to the CLI for dynamic test suite execution</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Example:<codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-testSuiteQuery="ids=(Test Cases/TC1_Verify Successful Login,Test Cases/TC2_Verify Successful Appointment)"</codeph></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-testSuiteCollectionQuery</b></codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">From version 8.0.0, you can enable or disable Test Suite(s) in Test Suite Collection.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Example:<codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-testSuiteCollectionQuery="indexes=(1,3)"</codeph></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-maxResponseSize</b></codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">Override the maximum response size in project setting (available from version 7.6). Learn more about <xref href="../../../Create_tests/Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Execution_Settings/Web_Service_settings1.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Web Service Settings</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Example:<codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-maxResponseSize=400</codeph></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-licenseRelease</b> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-orgID</b>=&lt;organization's id&gt;</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "><p class="- topic/p ">From version 8.0.0, you can release the previous execution session before checking the license.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Example:</p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-licenseRelease=true</codeph></p><p class="- topic/p "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">-orgID=89151</codeph></p></dd></dlentry><dlentry class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">--config</b> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">-webui.autoUpdateDrivers</b>=true</codeph></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">Allow WebDriver binaries to be updated automatically in console mode.</dd></dlentry></dl></conbody></concept>