<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<topic id="id_16" class="- topic/topic ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">5.5.1.3</title>
    <body class="- topic/body ">
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">New features</b>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">You can upload files without specifying a target through
                  <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Upload</codeph> command.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">This command simulates uploading files with drag-and-drop.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">You can upload multiple files by separating the path with
                  commas.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Note</i>: It only works on Chrome as Firefox doesn't allow
                  extensions to directly read from the file system.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">&gt; Help &gt; Sample projects &gt; <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Simulate uploading
                     files with drag and drop</b>.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">You can write values to CSV files with <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">writeToCSV</codeph>
                  and <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">appendToCSV</codeph>.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">writeToCSV</codeph> accepts a file name, a row number and a
                  column name as the target where it will write the provided value
                  to. For example: <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">writeToCSV | data.csv,10,first_name |
                     Thomas</codeblock>.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
              <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">appendToCSV</codeph> accepts a file name as the target and
                  a string as the target. For example: <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">appendToCSV | data.csv |
                     Thomas,To</codeblock>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">&gt; Help &gt; Sample projects &gt; <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Write values to a
                     CSV file</b>.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Improvements</b>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">You can read information of a CSV file into variables with
                  <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">storeCsv</codeph> command.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">After storing the result of the command to a variable, You can:
                  
                  
                  <ul class="- topic/ul ">
                <li class="- topic/li ">Read the number of lines a CSV file has.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li ">Read the value at a particular row and column.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li ">Compute the values from different cells in a CSV file.</li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">&gt; Help &gt; Sample projects &gt; <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Read and use values
                     from a CSV file</b>.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Bug fixes</b>
          <ul class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">Fix an issue where KR CLI cannot execute on Windows.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">The difference between paths on Mac and Windows made KR CLI
                  unable to run on Windows. The problem is now fixed.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">Fix an issue where <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">selectWindow</codeph> command is still
                  executed inside a block that does not meet its if statement's
                  condition.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">Fix an issue where self-healing proposed locators are the
                  expanded version of the locators instead of the original version
                  that contains variables.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">Fix an issue where You cannot export a recorded script from
                  Katalon Recorder to Katalon Studio.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </body>
  </topic>