<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-3280" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Introduction to  test planning</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Yen Nguyen &lt;yen.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Planning is the activity where you decide your testing strategy, e.g.,  which covered issues you want to validate, how you  validate them,  how  the resources are allocated, and when to  execute the tests. Depending on several factors, you may want to prioritize some  tests or focus on specific requirements.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The planning features in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-testops" class="- topic/ph "/> allow you to create a new release, refer to: <xref href="../create-edit-release-in-TestOps/intro-create-edit-releases-testops.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>. If you have enabled Jira integration, you can:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Populate Jira releases. See: <xref href="../Integration_for_test_planning/Populate-Jira-releases/intro_populate_jira_releases.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Populate Jira releases</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Link test cases to Jira requirements. See: <xref href="../Integration_for_test_planning/link-tc-to-Jira-requirements/ka-integration-jira.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Link test cases to Jira requirements</xref>.</p></li></ul></p><p class="- topic/p ">After creating a release, you can link test runs to a release. See: <xref href="../Link-test-runs-to-a-release/Link_test_runs_to_a_release.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>. </p><p class="- topic/p ">Once linked,  the  <uicontrol conkeyref="kt-ui-text/kt-ui-planning" class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol "/> tab will show you the consolidated results for those tests. In other words, it will present the latest status of each test, independent of the number of test execution you make with them. </p><p class="- topic/p ">By then, you can see the overview of your release status, which releases are ready, which are not, along with the total number of test cases and test runs linked to that release. This gives you a presentable picture to decide the readiness of a product release.</p></conbody></concept>