<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[WebUI] Take Full Page Screenshot As Checkpoint</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
                <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">From version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.7.0</b>, this keyword is available.</p>
                    </li></ul>
            </note><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Warning</b>: If this method is used with the ignored elements, JavaScript is required to be enabled on test browser. The method used to take an entire-page screenshot is simulating a scroll action to the end of the page. If the web page uses infinity-scrolling, it's not recommended to use this keyword.</p><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">takeFullPageScreenshotAsCheckpoint</title>
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Take an entire-page screenshot to send to TestOps Vision. The captured image will be saved in '.png' format and stored in the 'keyes' folder in the report folder. This method simulates a scroll action, takes a numbers of shots, then merges them together to make a full-page screenshot.</li><li class="- topic/li "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: takeFullPageScreenshotAsCheckpoint</li><li class="- topic/li "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>: <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshotAsCheckpoint(checkpointName, ignoredElements, flowControl)</codeblock>
                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                    <p class="- topic/p "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>:</p>
                    <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                            <p class="- topic/p ">Name: checkpointName</p>
                            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: A String that represents the name of the image on TestOps Vision. On local machine, this name will be appended with TestOps Vision prefix('keyes-').</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li></ul>
                        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                            <p class="- topic/p ">Name: ignoredElements</p>
                            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: List of Test Objects you want to hide when taking a screenshot.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: List </li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
                        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                            <p class="- topic/p ">Name: flowControl</p>
                            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Specify <xref href="../../../../../Maintain/failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref> schema to determine whether the execution should be allowed to continue or stop.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
                        </li></ul>
                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                    <p class="- topic/p "> <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Examples</b>:</p>
                    <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                            <p class="- topic/p ">You want to take a full-page screenshot as TestOps Vision checkpoint named 'full-page' and use default <xref href="../../../../../Maintain/failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref>:<codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshotAsCheckpoint('current_viewport')</codeblock></p>
                        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                            <p class="- topic/p ">You want to take a full-page screenshot as TestOps Vision checkpoint named 'full_view_no_logo' and hide some web elements: <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import static com.kms.katalon.core.testobject.ObjectRepository.findTestObject

WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshotAsCheckpoint('full_view_no_elements', [findTestObject('UI/logo')])ebUI.takeFullPageScreenshotAsCheckpoint('current_viewport')</codeblock></p>
                        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
                            <p class="- topic/p ">You want to take a full-page screenshot as TestOps Vision checkpoint named 'full_view_no_elements' and hide some web elements defined in a variable named 'ignoredElements':</p>
                            <p class="- topic/p ">
                                <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">// where ignoredElements is a user-defined List-typed variable. WebUI.takeFullPageScreenshotAsCheckpoint('full_view_no_elements', ignoredElements)</codeblock>
                            </p>
                        </li></ul>
                </li></ul>
        </section></conbody></concept>