<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-8815" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Shadow DOM</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">This project demonstrates how <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> helps users to automate applications behind the shadow DOM. It contains some test cases for the shadow DOM.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Dong Nguyen &lt;dong.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Shadow DOM allows hidden DOM trees to be attached to elements in the regular DOM tree.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The usual way of finding an element with Katalon Studio using Locators   will throw <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">NoSuchElementException</codeph>. And if you look at the DOM structure, every element that has shadowDOM also has a shadowRoot property which describes the underlying element. Shadow DOM provides encapsulation for the JavaScript, CSS, and templating in a Web Component.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Shadow host refers to the regular DOM node that the shadow DOM is attached to. Shadow tree refers to the DOM tree inside the shadow DOM. Shadow boundary refers to the place where the shadow DOM ends, and the regular DOM begins. Shadow Root refers to the root node of the shadow tree.</p><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Use cases</title><p class="- topic/p ">Two different apps for the shadow DOM:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Books (<xref format="html" href="https://books-pwakit.appspot.com/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://books-pwakit.appspot.com/</xref>)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Shop-Polymer (<xref format="html" href="https://shop.polymer-project.org/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://shop.polymer-project.org/</xref>)</p></li></ul></p></section></conbody></concept>