<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-5164" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">December 7th 2022</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Dong Nguyen &lt;dong.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Custom fields &amp; tags] Allows users to organize their test artifacts. See: <xref href="../../../../Organize/Custom_Field_and_Tags/Custom_Fields__Tags.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Assign custom fields or tags to test case, test schedule, and test run</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Assign custom fields or tags to test entities when uploading reports from external sources</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Filter test entities on <ph conkeyref="name-variables/testops" class="- topic/ph "/></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Limited analytical filtering with custom fields and tags</p></li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[Xray integration] Allows users to link their manual &amp; automation test from TestOps to Xray. See: <xref href="../../../../Organize/Integration_For_Organizing_Tests/Xray_Integration/Configure_Xray_integration_in_TestOps/Configure_Xray_Integration_in_Katalon_TestOps.dita" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Link TestOps test case with Xray test on Jira</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Link TestOps test schedule with Xray test plan on Jira</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Automatically/manually push TestOps test run to Jira as Xray test execution</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Manage Xray test execution with release versions and evidences from TestOps</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Synchronize TestOps test results to Xray test run</p></li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Users who adopt Robot framework can now orchestrate testing activities by integrating with <ph conkeyref="name-variables/testops" class="- topic/ph "/>: the status of visual test cases developed by Robot framework can be promptly driven by <ph conkeyref="name-variables/visual-testing" class="- topic/ph "/> results.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Supported the multi-year subscription plan.</p></li></ul></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Changed a UI text: The button "Submit a Ticket" is now "Submit a Support Case" to maintain consistency with the header on the Katalon Platform portal.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Implemented an API for project creation in Reports and Analytics.</p></li><li class="- topic/li ">Test Run Report enhancements:<ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Synchronize test run list and test result by status chart</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Customizable filter</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Interactive search bar</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Advance Time range filter</p></li></ul></li></ul></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Allowed the Account Owner/ Account Admin to assign a Visual Testing Professional product to a member's license before they accept the invitation.</p></li><li class="- topic/li ">Fixed the issue where users cannot assign KRE-Nodelock after clicking the Back button.</li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added a notice message for users who exceed 50 accounts limit. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Fixed the issue where creating a default project after signing up on Katalon Platform did not generate default custom fields.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Fixed the mismatched test run results in some user cases of purchasing or canceling subscription plan. </p></li></ul></p></section></conbody></concept>