<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-6671" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">November 9th 2022</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Hao Le &lt;hao.le@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "> Displayed the number of Organizations and Users per plan on the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Subscription Management</uicontrol> page. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Introduced one more sub-tier for the Ultimate plan - 20000 Test results.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Allowed Team Owner and Team Admin to edit Project Name in <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Project Management</uicontrol>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Allowed Account Owner and Account Admin to assign KSE/KRE licenses right after sending invitations to new member users.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Users can go to <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Welcome Page</uicontrol> from their Profile Page, which simplifies user navigation. </p></li></ul></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Added a sample project called <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">First Project</b> in every newly created organization. Users can interact with the data in this project to learn about <ph conkeyref="name-variables/testops" class="- topic/ph "/> features.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Removed the redundant pop-up where users must select standalone apps before processing the checkout. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Provided Guidelines for users who reach the limit of the Katalon Platform quota so they can adjust their subscription plan accordingly. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Allowed users to delete their Account if they do not have any subscriptions or cancel auto-renewal. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI/UX] Removed the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">View Demo Site</uicontrol> button on the navigation bar. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI/UX] Removed the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Schedule Sample Test Run</uicontrol> button on the Test Execution page. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">[UI/UX] Removed the <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Quick Guide</uicontrol> button on the Profile menu. </p></li></ul></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Removed the incorrect name and incorrect quota of Katalon Platform for the Free tier when users are in the trial plan.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Fixed bugs that are relevant to Assign Licenses and Inviting User flows. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Fixed HTML injection issues.</p></li></ul></section></conbody></concept>