<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Using Git Submodules to share Test Artifacts in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/></title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">While working on a <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> project, you might want to use
         test artifacts from external resources. You can manually share test
         artifacts with the Test Artifacts Sharing feature provided by
         <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/>. See: <xref href="../Test_Artifact_Sharing/import-export-test-artifact.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Test
            Artifacts Sharing</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To maintain and update shared resources easily, you can also
         integrate them as Git submodules. Git submodules enable you to
         incorporate and track the version history of external resources. To
         learn more about Git submodules, you can refer to the official Git
         documentation: <xref format="html" href="https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Git
            Tools - Submodules</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This tutorial shows you how to use the Git submodule feature to
         incorporate test artifacts from an external resource, such as Test
         Cases, Test Objects, Profiles, and Keywords. In our example, we
         cover common tasks such as adding, updating, and removing a custom
         keyword package as a submodule in a test project.</p><p class="- topic/p ">You can download the sample project here on our GitHub            repository: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/katalon-studio-samples/healthcare-tests" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Healthcare
               Tests</xref>.</p><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">An active Katalon Studio Enterprise license.</li><li class="- topic/li ">A Katalon Studio project configured as a Git repository. To
               configure Git integration in a project, refer to this guide: <xref href="../../Manage_Projects/Project_Settings/Git-Integration/Git_Integration/configure_git_integration.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Git
                  Integration</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">A custom keyword repository hosted on GitHub.</li></ul></section></conbody></concept>