<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Mobile] Take Element Screenshot</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section id="id" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title "/>
    
      <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
        
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">From version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.9.0</b>, this keyword is
            available.</p></li></ul></note>
    
  </section><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">takeElementScreenshot</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Take a screenshot of a UI element
            to send to TestOps Vision. The test engine will scroll to this
            element first then taking a screenshot.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: takeElementScreenshot</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Mobile.takeElementScreenshot(String fileName, TestObject to,
               List&lt;TestObject&gt; ignoredElements, Color hidingColor,
               FailureHandling flowControl)</codeblock>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: fileName</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Absolute path to the stored image file. fileName
                        should contain '.png' as images are stored to the '.png' format. If
                        the file name is not defined, Katalon Studio will generate a random
                        file name.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: to</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: UI element to be taken screenshot of.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: TestObject</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: ignoredElements</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: List of the ignored elements. These elements will
                        be hidden by drawing an overlap color layer. If the test engine
                        failed to hide the element by any problems, this keyword would
                        continue without impacting the result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: List
                        
                        
                        </li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: hidingColor</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: The color used to draw the overlap layer. If not
                        defined, Color.GRAY is used.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: Color</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
              <p class="- topic/p ">Name: flowControl</p>
              <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Specify <xref href="../../../../../Maintain/failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref ">failure handling</xref>
                        schema to determine whether the execution should be allowed to
                        continue or stop.</li><li class="- topic/li ">STOP<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: throws a StepFailedException if the
                        step failed (default).</li><li class="- topic/li ">CONTINUE<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: continues the test if the test
                        failed, but the test result is still Failed.</li><li class="- topic/li ">OPTIONAL: continues the test and ignores the test result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Optional</li></ul>
            </li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Return</b>: a String representing the path to the
               captured image.</p>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Throw</b>: StepFailedException if the UI element
               cannot be found or Katalon Studio cannot store the image in the
               disk.</p>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example</b>:</p>
        </li></ul>
      
        <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">// add import libs first
import com.kms.katalon.core.configuration.RunConfiguration as RunConfiguration
// take element screenshot and store to report folder
Mobile.takeElementScreenshot(RunConfiguration.getReportFolder() + '/element_screenshot.png', findTestObject('App/screenshot_element'), [findTestObject('hide_element_1'), findTestObject('hide_element_2')], Color.GREEN)
</codeblock>
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>