<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-2911" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">TestCloud overview</title><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author translate="no" type="creator" class="- topic/author ">Dong Nguyen &lt;dong.nguyen@katalon.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-testcloud" class="- topic/ph "/> is a test automation environment that allows you to execute tests on most standard browsers and operating systems on the cloud. With TestCloud, you can easily configure those test environments, reducing time and cost of creating physical infrastructure for test automation.</p><p class="- topic/p ">TestCloud addresses the following problems:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Difficulty and inability to test across browsers and OS.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Scalability issues due to cost and time constraint in setting up physical labs.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Time-consuming configuration and integration for testing in different  operating systems or scenarios.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Limited availability of test scenarios/devices/OS/browsers.</li></ul><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">No setup and maintenance are required </b>to use TestCloud as your test environment. TestCloud is also ready to integrate with your CI/CD pipelines.</p><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-testcloud" class="- topic/ph "/> is  integrated with <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-testops" class="- topic/ph "/> and <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/>. For more information, see <xref format="html" href="https://docs.katalon.com/docs/legacy/katalon-testcloud/get-started/integrate-testcloud-with-testops" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Integration with TestOps</xref> and <xref format="html" href="https://docs.katalon.com/docs/legacy/katalon-testcloud/get-started/integrate-testcloud-with-studio" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Integration with Katalon Studio</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To know the  internet browsers, operating systems and mobile devices offered in TestCloud, see <xref href="../../../../General_Information/Supported_Environments/Supported_Environments_For_Katalon_TestCloud/testcloud-supported-environments.ditamap" class="- topic/xref "/>. To keep up with TestCloud latest updates, see <xref href="../../../../General_Information/Release_Notes/Katalon_TestCloud_Release_Notes/Katalon_TestCloud_Release_Notes.ditamap" class="- topic/xref "/>.</p></conbody></concept>