<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_9" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Deal with dynamic elements using XPath</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">To deal with dynamic elements, you might not want to use absolute XPaths for these elements in test cases. Instead, you might want to use relative XPaths based on specific patterns.</p><p class="- topic/p ">XPath axes are used to search for the multiple nodes in the XML document from the current node context. Katalon Studio supports all XPath axes. The table below shows some common methods you can use to detect dynamic elements:</p><table class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup "><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Method</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Description</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Example</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Checking Multiple Attributes</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Add more than one condition to search element using XPath.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//*[@id='btn-login'][@type='submit']</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Index</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Specify a given tag name in terms of the index value you wish to locate. Use this when more than one element is present in the DOM with similar attributes, and it becomes difficult to search for them.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//div[@class='form-group']//select[1]</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Chained XPath</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Use multiple XPath expressions and chain them.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//section[@id='appointment']//span[@class='glyphiconglyphicon-calendar']</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Contains()</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Use the Contains() method to detect dynamic elements that contain static values.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//button[contains(@id,
                     'btn-login')]</codeph></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Last()</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Last() is a method used in an XPath expression. It is used to get the very last node.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//ul[@class='list-inline']/li[last()]</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Start-with()</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">The Start-with method finds the element using the starting text of an attribute. This method is useful when the first part of the attribute value is fixed (static), and the rest is dynamic.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//h3[starts-with(text(),'We Care About')]</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Preceding</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Select all nodes that come before the current node.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//*[@id='btn-login']//preceding::input</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Following</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Select all elements in the document following the current node( ).</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">.//*[@id='txt-username']//following::input</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Following-sibling</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Select the following siblings of the context node.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">.//*[@id='txt-username']//following::input</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Ancestor</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Select all ancestors (parent, grandparent, etc.) of the current node.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//ul[@class='list-inline']/ancestor::div</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Child</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Select all children of the current node.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//ul[@class='list-inline']/child::li</codeph>
                        </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Descendant</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Select all descendant (child node, grandchild node, etc.) of the current node.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry "> <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">//ul[@class='list-inline']/descendant::li</codeph>
                        </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><p class="- topic/p ">For more information on XPath axes, refer to the W3school documentation: <xref format="html" href="https://www.w3schools.com/xml/xpath_axes.asp" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">XPath Axes</xref>.</p><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">To learn how to find object locators in Katalon Studio, see <xref href="../../../Record_And_Spy/WebUI_Record_And_Spy_Utilities/spy-web-utility/spy-web-utility.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Spy Web Utility</xref>.</p></li></ul>
        </note><p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Next step</b>:</p><p class="- topic/p ">Learn how to input and edit XPath or CSS objects to identify objects on Web UI via Spy Web Utility: <xref href="../generate_css_xpath_selector_spy_web_utility/generate_css_xpath_selector_spy_web_utility.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Generating reliable object selector using Spy Web utility</xref>.</p></conbody></concept>