<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Data-driven testing at the test case level in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/></title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Data-driven testing (DDT) at the test case level allows you to
         add one or more data files and manage data binding at the test case
         level. It helps you keep the binding data in the test case
         independent, regardless of which test suites it is added to.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This function allows you to:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Bind each test case to a fixed set of data.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Run a test case with different test data combinations.</li><li class="- topic/li ">When executing a test suite containing associated test cases,
            you can either reuse data binding at the test case level or conduct
            new data binding in a test suite.</li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">Besides our currently supported data-driven testing methods,
         this feature also allows you to conduct data-driven testing in a
         dynamic test suite. To learn more about data-driven testing with
         dynamic test suites, you can refer to this document: <xref href="../ddt-dynamic-test-suite-ks/perform_data-driven_testing_in_a_dynamic_test_suite.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Data-driven
            testing in a dynamic test suite</xref>.</p><note type="important" class="- topic/note ">

        <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> version 8.3.0 onwards. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">An
            active Katalon Studio Enterprise license. To learn more about
            activating your license, you can refer to this document: <xref href="../../../Administer/KSE-KRE-Licenses/activate-license/activate_a_license_with_internet_access.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Activate
               Katalon license</xref>.</p></li></ul>
      </note><p class="- topic/p ">This article demonstrates how to manage data binding at the test
         case level and execute them in a test suite.</p></conbody></concept>