<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE troubleshooting PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Troubleshooting//EN" "troubleshooting.dtd">
<troubleshooting id="troubleshooting-5311" xml:lang="en-us" class="- topic/topic troubleshooting/troubleshooting "><title class="- topic/title ">Unable to start the Windows application</title><troublebody class="- topic/body troubleshooting/troublebody "><condition class="- topic/section troubleshooting/condition "><p class="- topic/p ">When you encounter the following  error: <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Unable to start application:
java.util.concurrent.ExecutionException: org.openqa.selenium.TimeoutException: Expected condition failed: waiting for com.kms.katalon.core.windows.driver.WindowsDriverFactory</codeblock></p><p class="- topic/p ">There are two possible causes as follows:</p></condition><troubleSolution class="- topic/bodydiv troubleshooting/troubleSolution "><cause class="- topic/section troubleshooting/cause "><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">If your application has splash screens at the application launch, it might take longer for the app to load. The WinAppDriver  hangs on and eventually time out. This can be resolved by telling WinAppDriver to wait for a defined amount of time after an app launch. Do as follows:</p></li></ul></p></cause><remedy class="- topic/section troubleshooting/remedy "><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Install WinAppDriver version 1.2 onwards. You can download the
                        latest WinAppDriver version from the WinAppDriver GitHub project
                        here: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/microsoft/WinAppDriver" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">WinAppDriver</xref>.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Install Appium version 1.16.0 onwards. Follow the instruction in
                        the Appium document to install the latest Appium version: <xref format="html" href="http://appium.io/docs/en/about-appium/getting-started/#installing-appium" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Getting started</xref>.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">In Katalon Studio, go to <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Project Settings &gt; Desired
                           capabilities &gt; Windows</b> and add this desired
                        capability: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">"ms:waitForAppLaunch": "25"</codeph>.</cmd><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info ">You can consider using <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Native Windows Recorder </b>to record your actions more easily.</info></step></steps></remedy></troubleSolution><troubleSolution class="- topic/bodydiv troubleshooting/troubleSolution "><cause class="- topic/section troubleshooting/cause "><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">If your app does not have splash screens, you can try adding the application title at the application launch. After the application starts, if WinAppDriver cannot detect the main application window correctly, Katalon Studio will use the given window title parameter to find the opened application to continue working. You can add the application title in one of the following ways:</p></li></ul></p></cause><remedy class="- topic/section troubleshooting/remedy "><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">When using Windows Spy/Record Utility, in the  <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Application Title</uicontrol> field, add the application title and start again.</cmd><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info ">OR</info><info class="- topic/itemgroup task/info ">Use this keyword to start the application: <xref href="../../Keywords/Keywords_Description_In_Katalon_Studio/Windows-Keywords/windows-kw-start-app-title/windows-kw-start-app-title.dita" class="- topic/xref ">[Windows] Start Application with Title</xref>.</info></step></steps></remedy></troubleSolution></troublebody></troubleshooting>