<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_5" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Trial Period - January 20th, 2022</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">New features</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Introduced TestCloud trial period as the new multi-browser testing environment in Katalon Studio, Katalon TestOps, and Katalon Runtime Engine. See: <xref href="../../../Execute/Cloud_based_test_execution/Test_execution_with_TestCloud/integrate-testcloud-with-testops/integrate-testcloud-with-testops.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Integrate TestCloud with TestOps</xref> and <xref href="../../../Execute/Cloud_based_test_execution/Test_execution_with_TestCloud/KS_TestCloud_integration/testcloud-integration.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Integrate TestCloud with Studio</xref>. <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Enabled users to use TestCloud tunnel to execute tests in both public and private domains. See: <xref href="../../../Execute/Cloud_based_test_execution/Test_execution_with_TestCloud/testcloud-tunnel/testcloud-tunnel.dita" class="- topic/xref ">TestCloud tunnel</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Allowed users to contact Katalon at success@katalon.com to buy extra usage quota when running out of free trial package quota.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">Supported new versions of Chrome (96, 97), Firefox (95, 96), Microsoft Edge (96, 97).</li></ul></p></section><section class="- topic/section "><title class="- topic/title ">Enhancements from Beta version</title><p class="- topic/p "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Stabilized TestCloud tunnel performance for testing in private domains: <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Improved resilience of TestCloud proxy server.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Queued up the execution if the number of requests exceeds the parallel quota.</li></ul></li><li class="- topic/li ">[UI] Displayed the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Trial</b> tag for the TestCloud option when scheduling test runs in TestOps.</li><li class="- topic/li ">[UI] Displayed the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">TestCloud</b> option when clicking on <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Run</b> to execute tests in Katalon Studio.</li></ul></p></section></conbody></concept>