<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_1" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">What is TestOps Private Instance?</title>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">TestOps Private Instance is a single-tenant cloud architecture
         where a single software instance and its supporting
         infrastructure/database serve only one customer, a.k.a a
         tenant.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Users can have an isolated TestOps instance with separate
         application nodes, isolated networking, and database resources.
         This creates a more secure environment than a multi-tenant
         architecture where a single software instance and database serve
         multiple customers.</p>

      <p class="- topic/p ">To learn more about single-tenant and multi-tenant
         architectures, you can refer to this Hubspot blog post: <xref format="html" href="https://blog.hubspot.com/service/single-vs-multi-tenant-saas" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Single
            vs Multi-Tenant SaaS Architecture</xref>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">With TestOps Private Instance, you can benefit from:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Data isolation: This is helpful for users working with sensitive
               information and strict data storage requirements.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Data residency: This is helpful for users who must confirm where
               their data lives or have compliance requirements, for example to be
               in compliance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).</p>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Dedicated Katalon application: For users who have a predictable
               workload and want stronger guarantees in performance, a dedicated
               instance ensures that they perform tests without being interrupted
               by maintenance or scaling issues.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">No maintenance: While the dedicated instance offers better data
               isolation and performance, it is still fully managed by Katalon.
               This relieves customers from infrastructure management.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </conbody>
  </concept>