<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_81" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">Changes and Improvements</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
        <ul class="- topic/ul ">
          <li class="- topic/li ">[Web Service] Encode special characters in query
            parameters.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Revert <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">IEDriverServer</b> from 3.141.59 to
            3.6.0.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">[Console mode] The <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">katalon</codeph> launcher is replaced by
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">katalonc</codeph> and there is a separate app named
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Katalon Studio Runtime Engine</b> for executing
            Katalon Studio in console mode. Click <xref format="html" href="https://www.katalon.com/download/" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">here</xref> to download.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Convert <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">qTest</b> and <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Kobiton</b>
            built-in integrations into plugins.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Display errors of test scripts in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Problems</b>
            view.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support ChromeDriver version 77 and IEDriverServer version
            3.141.59.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Show a full stack trace of an exception thrown by custom
            classes in Test Hooks.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support manually uploading test suite collections' results to
            Katalon TestOps (Beta).</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">[Web Service] Support passing proxy details through the script.
            <xref href="../../../../Get_Started/Set_Up_Your_Workspace/Katalon_Studio_Preferences/proxy-preferences/proxy-preferences.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Update documents of <xref format="html" href="https://docs.katalon.com/javadoc/index.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Studio
               API Specification</xref> to version 7.0.0.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Upgrade Apache POI to version 3.17.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Dynamic Querying Test Suite is renamed Dynamic Test Suite.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Add plugins reloading options to the Project Settings.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support parsing the Request Message's template from the
            associated <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">XSD</codeph> file when importing test objects from
            WSDL.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support adding the Organisation ID parameter to the Command
            Generator.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support selecting a Katalon TestOps (Beta)'s organization on
            the activation.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Enhancement: Add some JVM options to reduce Katalon Studio's
            memory consumption.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Support a hotkey of Spy Utility in Web Recorder to capture
            objects. <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Record_And_Spy/WebUI_Record_And_Spy_Utilities/record-web-utility/record-web-utility.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Update <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Quick Start</b> in Katalon Studio after
            activation.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support adding <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">.gitignore</codeph> and
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">build.gradle</codeph> files when creating a project.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Support uploading reports with pdf, HTML, CSV formats
            (generated by Basic Report plugin) to Katalon TestOps (Beta). <xref href="../../../../Analyze/Reports/Upload_Test_Reports/Upload_test_results_from_KS_to_TestOps/katalon-analytics-beta-integration.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Support submitting test run results with captured videos to
            Katalon TestOps (Beta). <xref href="../../../../Analyze/Reports/Upload_Test_Reports/Upload_test_results_from_KS_to_TestOps/katalon-analytics-beta-integration.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support uploading the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">*.rp</codeph> file to Katalon TestOps
            (Beta) to parse more information on test results.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Support creating a test plan right from the test suite
            collection screen in Katalon Studio to enhance the integration of
            Katalon Studio with Katalon TestOps (Beta). <xref href="../../../../Analyze/Reports/Upload_Test_Reports/Upload_test_results_from_KS_to_TestOps/katalon-analytics-beta-integration.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Support uploading Project Code from Katalon Studio to Katalon
            TestOps (Beta). <xref href="../../../../Analyze/Reports/Upload_Test_Reports/Upload_test_results_from_KS_to_TestOps/katalon-analytics-beta-integration.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Update the integration mechanism with Katalon TestOps (Beta).
            <xref href="../../../../Analyze/Reports/Upload_Test_Reports/Upload_test_results_from_KS_to_TestOps/katalon-analytics-beta-integration.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Update the integration configurations with Katalon TestOps
            (Beta) when a new project is created.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support auto-filling the input of <xref href="../../../../Administer/Security_Settings/API_Key_In_Katalon/c_katalon_api_keys_in_katalon_studio.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon
               API Key</xref> in the command-line generator.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support generating test results in JUnit format.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support uploading reports of test suite collections to Katalon
            TestOps (Beta).</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Remove unnecessary information in the console log when users
            execute in the console mode for the first time.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Support passing more information to the console mode execution
            with <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">--info -buildLabel="text" -buildURL="text"</codeph>. See
            <xref href="../../../../Execute/Katalon_Runtime_Engine/console-mode-execution/General_Options.dita" class="- topic/xref ">General
               Options</xref> in Console Mode Execution.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Upgrade the activation mechanism in Katalon Studio to
            seamlessly integrate with Katalon TestOps (Beta). See <xref href="../../../../Administer/KSE-KRE-Licenses/activate-license/activate-kse.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Activate
               Katalon Studio</xref>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Merge the Plugins menu into the Tools menu.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support MySQL Database version <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.0.17</b>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support automatically reloading plugins when opening a
            project.</li>
        </ul>
      </conbody>
    </concept>