<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_82" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Fixes</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [DDT] Cannot get values from data files with database type
            in a test case.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot log in to Katalon Studio with passwords containing
            special characters.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Web Service] SOAP response has an empty header.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot reload plugins with credentials containing special
            characters.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Results</b> tab of Test Suites/Test Suite
            Collection fails to automatically refresh after the first
            execution.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Show references</b> of test objects fails to
            display the objects' references in global variables and test case
            variables.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot send SOAP requests when <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">WSDL</b> files
            contain the relative <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">xsi:schemaLocation</codeph>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
            Bug: [WebUI Keyword] The <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">WebUI.clickImage</codeph> keyword fails to perform.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Web Service] <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">getCurrentRequest()</codeph> always gets
            default values instead of a variable's values passed from test
            case.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Incorrectly return code when <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Follow
               redirects</b> is disabled in Web Service Request. <xref format="html" href="https://forum.katalon.com/t/followreridects-does-not-work/33800" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">More
               details</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot save modifications in the configuration tab of the
            Web Service Request.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Cannot detect mobile test objects having parameterized
            global variables in their properties.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Console Mode] To retry executing failed test cases in
            Test Suite Collection fails to return the correct exit code.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Data Binding] An issue causes binding Variables to Test
            Data to fail.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [WebService] Verification Editor doesn't keep Unicode
            characters.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Mobile Testing] Cannot retry executing failed test
            cases.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Web service response displays garbled text as non-Latin
            characters.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Basic Report Plugin] CSV Report status is always
            Incomplete.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The Log Viewer’s cursor incorrectly renders when
            selecting a log message.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Newly added variables disappear after a switch from the
            Variable tab to another tab.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: An issue related to Variable binding when the data
            contains special characters.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The Delay keyword doesn't work when the passing data is
            BigDecimal.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Har files disappear after having been opened for the first
            time with the current Web Service object.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Custom Keyword] an issue related to the default package
            name when users create a keyword without entering a package
            name.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Katalon TestOps (Beta)] Cannot navigate to the URL
            configured by users in View Execution History.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Katalon TestOps (Beta)] an issue related to the error
            message when users create a new project for the invited team
            without permission.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [GlobalVariable] Cannot execute a script with a profile
            that has a Global Variable with invalid syntax.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [WebUI Keywords] The <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">verifyElementPresent()</codeph>
            and <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">verifyElementNotPresent()</codeph> keywords should return
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">false</codeph> instead of throwing an exception when the
            verified elements do not exist.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: The <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Delay between actions</codeph> fails to perform as
            configured.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: An issue causes <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">callTestCase</codeph> to fail.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">findWebElements</codeph> fails when the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Default
               wait for element timeout</codeph> is set to 0 in the Execution
            Settings.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: [Web Recorder] An issue related to the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Cannot save
               entity: file path length limit exceeded.</codeph> error when saving
            test objects.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: Custom Keywords are not displayed in the Recent keywords
            after being used.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Bug: An issue related to renaming a folder with uppercase or
            lowercase characters. <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/katalon-studio/katalon-studio/issues/189" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">More
               details</xref>.</li></ul></conbody></concept>