<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_14" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">Improvements</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
        <ul class="- topic/ul ">
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support Microsoft Edge (Chromium) 86</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Support Chrome 86</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">[qTest Integration]: Generate qTest - Katalon Studio parity
            report in HTML, sync up qTest test case version and test steps's
            content, and send Skipped test results to qTest. Learn
               more</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">[Kobiton Integration] Support SSO for authentication and
            corresponding command options. <xref href="../../../../Execute/Katalon_Runtime_Engine/console-mode-execution/Integrations_Options.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>
          </li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">[Jira Cloud Integration]: Support importing BDD Feature Files.
            <xref href="../../../../Organize/Integration_For_Organizing_Tests/Jira_Integration/configure-jira-integration-in-KS/intro-configure-jira-integration-in-Katalon-Studio.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>
          </li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">[BDD Testing Framework] Allow setting default package for step
            defenitions. <xref href="../../../../Create_tests/Manage_Test_Artifacts/Working_With_BDD_Feature_File/set_default_package_for_step_definitions.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Learn
               more</xref>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">[Mobile Testing] Support "Attributes" Selector Strategy and add
            "Verify and Highlight" feature to Mobile Spy/Recorder.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">[Katalon TestOps (Beta) Integration]: Support automatically
            retrying uploading Test Projects and Test Reports from Katalon
            Studio to Katalon TestOps upon failure.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Replace Katalon Help with Start Page for a new fresh look and
            more customized information for each user.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Reduce the size of Katalon Docker Image.</li>

          <li class="- topic/li ">Discontinued new purchase of Katalon Runtime Engine DevOps
            license. Read more about <xref href="../../../../Administer/KSE-KRE-Licenses/kre-devops-sunset/kre-devops-sunset.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon
               Runtime Engine DevOps Sunsetting</xref>.</li>
          <li class="- topic/li ">Display SKIP test status in execution reports.</li>
        </ul>
      </conbody>
    </concept>