<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Windows] Start Application with Title</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section id="id" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title "/>
    
      <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
        <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Starting from <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">version 7.2.</b>, this keyword is
            available for Windows desktop application testing on Katalon
            Studio.</p></li></ul>
      </note>
    
  </section><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">startApplicationWithTitle</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Start Windows driver and starts
            the Windows application at the given absolute path. After the
            application starts, if WinAppDriver cannot detect the main
            application window correctly, Katalon Studio will use the given
            window title parameter to find the opened application to continue
            working.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: startApplicationWithTitle</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            Windows.startApplicationWithTitle(appFile, windowTitle,
            flowControl)</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>: 
            
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Name: appFile</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Absolute path to the Windows application.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li><li class="- topic/li ">Name: windowTitle</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Title of the opening application windows. Full
                  text or partial text is acceptable.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: String</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li><li class="- topic/li ">Name: flowControl</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Used to control the step if the step failed.\
                  STOP<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: throws a StepFailedException if the step
                  failed (default).\ CONTINUE<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: continue the test if
                  the test failed but the test result is still failed.\ OPTIONAL:
                  continue the test and ignore the test result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: optional</li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Returns</b>: void.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Throw</b>: <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">StepFailedException</b> if
            Katalon Studio could not start Windows Driver, could not start the
            application, the application file doesn't exist or there is no
            application matches.object.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example</b>:</li></ul>
      
        <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Windows.startApplicationWithTitle('C:\\Program Files\\Microsoft Office\\root\\Office16\\EXCEL.exe', 'Excel')
</codeblock>
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>