<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_cucumber-features-file" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">BDD Testing Framework (Cucumber integration) overview</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                    <p class="- topic/p ">For better performance, you should clean up the Katalon workspace frequently. Navigate to <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">File</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol class="+ topic/ph ui-d/uicontrol ">Clean up</uicontrol>.</p>
                </li></ul>
        </note><p class="- topic/p ">Behavior-driven development (BDD) testing framework allows you to create test cases in plain English. BDD testing framework focuses on the behavior of the product and user acceptance criteria. Cucumber is a BDD framework tool to write test cases, which uses Gherkin, an ordinary language parser, that permits writing scripts in English.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The integration of the Cucumber framework in Katalon Studio allows you to include Cucumber test hooks, which work at the start and the end of a scenario in a behavior-driven development (BDD) test. To learn more about test hooks in the Cucumber framework, you can refer to Cucumber document: <xref format="html" href="https://cucumber.io/docs/cucumber/api/#hooks" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Cucumber Hooks reference</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">With the BDD testing framework in <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/>, you can:</p><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Create or add a feature file.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Define and link steps.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Set the default package for step definitions.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Run your feature file.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Add your feature file to a test case.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">View BDD report files generated from <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Upload and view BDD reports on <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-testops" class="- topic/ph "/>.</p></li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">To start working with BDD feature files and use test hooks for your BDD framework, see <xref href="../../../Create_tests/Manage_Test_Artifacts/Working_With_BDD_Feature_File/Working_with_BDD_feature_files.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Working with BDD feature files in Katalon Studio</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To learn how to create BDD test cases, see <xref href="../../../Create_tests/Create_Test_Cases/Create_BDD_Test_Case/Create_BDD_test_cases.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Create BDD test case in Katalon Studio</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">You can download the sample project here on our GitHub repository: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/katalon-studio-samples/katalon-bdd-cucumber-tests" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon BDD Cucumber Tests</xref>.</p></conbody></concept>