<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_4" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Configure TestCloud Tunnel</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><note type="important" class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">To allow User Datagram Protocol (UDP) connections, the proxy must be configured.</li><li class="- topic/li ">If you use a Man-in-the-Middle (MITM) proxy, it must be configured to allow Transport Layer Security (TLS) connections.</li></ul><p class="- topic/p ">For detailed information on TestCloud Tunnel and how to utilize it, see <xref href="../testcloud-tunnel/testcloud-tunnel.dita" class="- topic/xref ">TestCloud Tunnel</xref>.</p></note><p class="- topic/p ">After scheduling your test runs using TestCloud Tunnel, you need to activate this tunnel to start test executions in private domains.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Follow these steps:</p><ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Go to <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Configurations</b> &gt; <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">TestCloud Tunnels</b>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">TestCloud Tunnels</b> page appears.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Select the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Setup</b> tab.</p><p class="- topic/p ">You will see an on-screen step-by-step instruction to set up your TestCloud tunnel.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Follow the on-screen instructions:</p><p class="- topic/p ">i. Select your OS, download the binary file, and unzip the file.</p><p class="- topic/p ">ii. Right-click on the file to open it in the terminal (for macOS), or open the file in cmd.exe (for Windows).</p><p class="- topic/p ">iii. Copy the command in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Generate configuration</b> section, paste it in Terminal/cmd, then hit <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Enter</i> to run the command.</p><p class="- topic/p ">iv. Copy the command in the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Start a tunnel</b> section, paste it in Terminal/cmd, then click <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Enter</i> to run the command.</p><p class="- topic/p "> You have successfully configured the TestCloud Tunnel.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Go to the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">TestCloud Tunnels</b> page and select the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Tunnels</b> tab.</p><p class="- topic/p ">
              
            </p><p class="- topic/p ">You can now see the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Active</i> status in the TestCloud Tunnel you have activated.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">Go to the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Test Run List</b> page and click on the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Play</i> icon to run your tests.</p></li></ol><p class="- topic/p ">You have successfully run your tests in private domains using the TestCloud Test Environment.</p><p class="- topic/p ">To check the progress of your test runs, see: <xref href="../../../../Analyze/Reports/View_Test_Reports/View_reports_in_TestOps/View_test_run_results/View_test_run_results_and_execution_logs/view_test_results_and_execution_logs_in_TestOps.dita" class="- topic/xref ">View Logs</xref>.</p></conbody></concept>