<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Mobile] Use Fingerprint</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><note type="important" class="- topic/note ">
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Katalon Studio version 8.3.0 onwards.</li></ul>
        </note><section class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">Description</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Simulate a fingerprint touch event on Android emulators.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">
                <note class="- topic/note ">
                    <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">To enable this keyword, at least one fingerprint must be enrolled on the emulator via Android Debug Bridge (adb).</li><li class="- topic/li ">To learn more about adb, refer to this document on the Android developer site: <xref format="html" href="https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Android Debug Bridge</xref>.</li><li class="- topic/li ">To learn how to enroll a fingerprint with adb, please refer to the following Android developer guide: <xref format="html" href="https://developer.android.com/about/versions/marshmallow/android-6.0.html#fingerprint-authentication" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Fingerprint Authentication.</xref></li></ul>
                </note>
            </p>
        </section><section class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">Parameters</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">
                <table class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="4" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colname="col1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="col2" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="col3" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="col4" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Parameter</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Parameter Type</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Mandatory</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Description</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">fingerprintId</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Int</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Yes</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">An Android fingerprint ID (from 1 to 10).</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">flowControl</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">FailureHandling</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">No</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Specify failure handling schema to determine whether the execution should be allowed to continue or stop. Refer to: <xref href="../../../../../Maintain/failure-handling/failure-handling.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Failure Handling</xref>.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
            </p>
        </section><section class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">Exceptions</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">
                <table class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colname="col1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="col2" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="col3" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Throw</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Precondition</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Message</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">IllegalArgumentException</codeph></entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">If the input value for Android fingerprint ID is invalid.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Please enter a valid Android fingerprint ID (from 1 to 10).</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">StepFailedException</codeph></entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">If the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">useFingerprint</codeph> keyword is not performed on an Android emulator.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">The <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">useFingerprint</codeph> keyword supports Android emulators only.</entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "><codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Warning</codeph></entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">If the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">useFingerprint</codeph> keyword is run on unsupported environments.</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">The <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">useFingerprint</codeph> keyword is not available for physical mobile devices.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
            </p>
        </section><section class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">Example</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">
                <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">import static com.kms.katalon.core.checkpoint.CheckpointFactory.findCheckpoint 
import static com.kms.katalon.core.testcase.TestCaseFactory.findTestCase 
import static com.kms.katalon.core.testdata.TestDataFactory.findTestData 
import static com.kms.katalon.core.testobject.ObjectRepository.findTestObject 
import static com.kms.katalon.core.testobject.ObjectRepository.findWindowsObject 
import com.kms.katalon.core.checkpoint.Checkpoint as Checkpoint 
import com.kms.katalon.core.cucumber.keyword.CucumberBuiltinKeywords as CucumberKW 
import com.kms.katalon.core.mobile.keyword.MobileBuiltInKeywords as Mobile 
import com.kms.katalon.core.model.FailureHandling as FailureHandling 
import com.kms.katalon.core.testcase.TestCase as TestCase import com.kms.katalon.core.testdata.TestData as TestData 
import com.kms.katalon.core.testng.keyword.TestNGBuiltinKeywords as TestNGKW 
import com.kms.katalon.core.testobject.TestObject as TestObject 
import com.kms.katalon.core.webservice.keyword.WSBuiltInKeywords as WS 
import com.kms.katalon.core.webui.keyword.WebUiBuiltInKeywords as WebUI 
import com.kms.katalon.core.windows.keyword.WindowsBuiltinKeywords as Windows 
import internal.GlobalVariable as GlobalVariable import org.openqa.selenium.Keys as Keys 

'Start application on the current selected Android emulator'
Mobile.startApplication('/Users/katalon/Downloads/Fingerprint.apk', true) 

'Simulate fingerprint touch with the desired fingerprint ID' 
Mobile.useFingerprint(1) 

'Authentication is valid, do some actions' 
Mobile.delay(10) 

'Close application on the current selected Android emulator' 
Mobile.closeApplication()</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section></conbody></concept>