<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id_0" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">[Windows] Click Element Offset</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><section id="id" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">Requirements</title>
    
      
      
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Katalon Studio version 7.8.0 onwards.</li><li class="- topic/li ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Native Windows Recorder</b>, enable
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">coordinate-based recording</b> in the window.
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">click</codeph> and <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">rightClick</codeph> actions are recorded
            as <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">clickElementOffset</codeph> and
            <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">rightClickElementOffset</codeph> actions respectively.</li><li class="- topic/li ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Windows Recorder</b>, <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Click Element Offset</codeph> and <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">Right-click Element Offset</codeph> buttons
            are supported in <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Possible Actions</b>.</li></ul>
    
  </section><section id="id_1" class="- topic/section ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">clickElementOffset</title>
    
      <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Description</b>: Performs a click action at the
            given offset of the Windows Element (relative to its top-left
            corner) that is found by using locator value of the given
            windowsObject.</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword name</b>: clickElementOffset</li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Keyword syntax</b>:
            <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Windows.clickElementOffset(windowsObject, offsetX, offsetY, FailureHandling)</codeblock>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Parameters</b>:</p>
          <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">Name: windowsObject</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: An object describing the locator and locator
                  strategy to find a Windows element.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: WindowsTestObject</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li><li class="- topic/li ">Name: offsetX</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: The horizontal offset relative to the top-left
                  corner of the element.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: Integer</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li><li class="- topic/li ">Name: offsetY</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: The vertical offset relative to the top-left
                  corner of the element.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: Integer</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: Required</li><li class="- topic/li ">Name: flowControl</li><li class="- topic/li ">Description: Used to control the step if the step failed.\
                  STOP<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: throws a StepFailedException if the step
                  failed (default).\ CONTINUE<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ON</i>FAILURE: continue the test if
                  the test failed but the test result is still failed.\ OPTIONAL:
                  continue the test and ignore the test result.</li><li class="- topic/li ">Parameter Type: FailureHandling</li><li class="- topic/li ">Mandatory: optional</li></ul>
        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example</b>:</p>
        </li></ul>
      
        <codeblock class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">Windows.startApplicationWithTitle('katalon.exe', 'Katalon Studio')
'Wait for Katalon help tab to be present'
Windows.waitForElementPresent(findWindowsObject('TabItem'), 10)
'Click on X button using Click Element Offset, the coordinate is retrieved by cropping the tab and use https://www.mobilefish.com/services/record_mouse_coordinates/record_mouse_coordinates.php to extract the coordinates.'
Windows.clickElementOffset(findWindowsObject('TabItem'), 107, 13)
'Katalon Help tab is closed successfully as a result of clicking on X button'
Windows.verifyElementNotPresent(findWindowsObject('Object Repository/TabItem'), 5)
Windows.closeApplication()
'Click on OK to really close Katalon Studio'
Windows.click(findWindowsObject('Close Katalon Button'))
</codeblock>
      
    
  </section></conbody></concept>