<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">Data-driven testing with <ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/></title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">Data-driven testing is a software testing method that stores test data in table or spreadsheet format. Data-driven testing allows testers to input a single test script that can execute tests for all test data from a table and expect the test output in the same table. It is also called table-driven testing or parameterized testing.</p><p class="- topic/p "><ph conkeyref="name-variables/katalon-studio" class="- topic/ph "/> allows you to conduct data-driven testing (DDT) with internal and external data sources at both test case and test suite levels.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Download the data-driven testing sample project from our GitHub repository: <xref format="html" href="https://github.com/katalon-studio-samples/shopping-cart-tests" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Shopping cart sample</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">You can configure variable binding to read test data values from internal or external data files such as Excel, CSV, Internal files, and Database. To learn more about managing test data, refer to this document: <xref href="../manage-test-data/manage-test-data.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Manage test data</xref>.</p><section class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">Manage test data</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">You can configure variable binding to read test data values from internal or external data files such as Excel, CSV, Internal files, and Database. To learn more about managing test data, refer to this document: <xref href="../manage-test-data/manage-test-data.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Manage test data</xref>.</p>
        </section><section class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">Set parameter for your test script</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">You can pass variables to your test scripts by setting parameters in test cases, test objects, or their properties:</p>
            <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../test-case-variables/test-case-variables.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Test Case Variables</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../execution-profile-v54/execution-profile-v54.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Global Variables</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../../Test_Objects/Web_Test_Objects/parameterize-web-objects/parameterize-web-objects.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Parameterize Web Test Objects</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../../Test_Objects/Mobile_Test_Objects/Parameterize_Mobile_Test_Object_Properties/parameterize-mobile-test-object-properties.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Parameterize Mobile Test Object</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../../Test_Objects/API_Test_Object/REST_Request/Parameterize_A_Web_Service_Object/parameterize-a-web-service-object.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Parameterize Web Service Object</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../../Test_Objects/Windows_Test_Objects/parameterize_windows_test_objects.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Parameterize Windows Test Objects</xref></li></ul>
        </section><section class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">Supported data-driven testing methods</title>
            <sectiondiv class="- topic/sectiondiv "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">In a test case</b>
                <note type="important" class="- topic/note ">
                    <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">
                            <p class="- topic/p ">You need an active Katalon Studio Enterprise license to execute data-driven testing at the test case level.</p>
                        </li></ul>
                </note>
                <p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio supports data-driven testing at the test case level. To learn more about executing data-driven testing in a test case, you can refer to this document: <xref href="../ddt-at-test-case-level/c_intro_ddt-at-test-case-level.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Data-driven testing at the test case level</xref>.</p>
                
            </sectiondiv><sectiondiv class="- topic/sectiondiv "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">In a test suite/test suite collection</b><p class="- topic/p "><note type="important" class="- topic/note "><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">You need an active Katalon Studio Enterprise license to perform data-binding with multiple external data sources.</p></li></ul></note><ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../run-test-case-external-data/run-test-case-external-data.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Run
               test case with an external data source</xref></li><li class="- topic/li "><xref href="../combine-multiple-data-sources/combine-multiple-data-sources.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Combine
               multiple data sources</xref></li></ul>Alternatively, you can also conduct data-driven testing with
         Groovy using the <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">findTestData</codeph> method. To learn about
         this method, you can refer to our API documentation: <xref format="html" href="https://api-docs.katalon.com/com/kms/katalon/core/testdata/TestData.html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">TestData</xref>. By default, Katalon Studio converts variables to strings to
         conduct data-binding. However, from Katalon Studio version 6.3.0
         onwards, you can enable or disable this function and allow Katalon
         Studio to read variables as their data types. See: <xref href="../Enhance_Variable_Binding_In_Katalon_Studio/bind-as-string.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Enhanced
            variable binding</xref>.</p></sectiondiv><sectiondiv class="- topic/sectiondiv "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">In a dynamic test suite</b><p class="- topic/p ">Katalon Studio supports data-driven testing in a dynamic test
         suite. To learn more about executing data-driven testing in a
         dynamic test suite, you can refer to this document: <xref href="../ddt-dynamic-test-suite-ks/perform_data-driven_testing_in_a_dynamic_test_suite.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Data-driven
            testing in a dynamic test suite</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Learn in practice with our free Katalon Academy course: <xref format="html" href="https://academy.katalon.com/courses/data-driven-testing/?utm_source=kat_docs&amp;utm_medium=ddt_ks" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Katalon Studio: How to Apply Data-Driven Testing</xref>.</p></sectiondiv>
        </section></conbody></concept>